
                             WordLink Sysop Notes


The game when initially unpacked, will consist of a wordlink directory
in your pfiles: directory.  In the wordlink directory will be several
files:

wordlink.rex
wlmaint.rex
config


and three subdirectories:

games
pics
text

The following directories will be created by the program upon first
running.

players
gamewalls
invites
lastturns


The provided subdirectories contain the necessary picture files and
text files to play the game.  The text sub directory initially contains
the online dictionary which can be moved and the new path set in the
config file if so desired.



Understanding the file structure in the game is very beneficial to the
sysop due to it allowing him to go in and manually fixing a corrupt file
if this should happen, say due to a system crash while the game was writing
some critical files.

Hence, the following file structure explanations may help you some day!


FILES STRUCTURE  
---------------

Please note that the numbers shown as file entries below are examples only.


PLAYER FILE MAKEUP

Named for player's handle in player dir and created as a player joins wordlink

7123   last date played (only changed if a player actually did something)
589    round score for completed and underway games for this round only.
135    total # of turns for the current round by the player.
5      num games played and completed, total.
2      num games won, total.


STAT FILE MAKEUP

named stats in wordlink dir; created during this programs initial run

4  # games needing players
3  
8   \   actual game numbers of games needing players
16  /
20 
26 # new games available



GAMES DIR MAKEUP

The games dir contains a file named 'blankboard' which is a 15 line file
which contains the new board layout.  The Games dir is pre defined with the
blankboard file in place.  DO NOT DELETE THE BLANKBOARD FILE!


Then... for each game (x), there are the bd.x, plyrs.x, and the ltrs.x files.
These files are setup as a new game is started by a player.


bd.x file consists of 15 records (rows) containing 15 characters (cols)


plyrs.x contains 4 + 5x records:

playerturn        handle of player who's turn it is
playerstart       handle of player who started the game
date              last date of any play (a turn OR a pass)
3                 num players in game (3 for ex)

player            3 sets of player, score, numletters, and letters. 
score             ABCDE-*   - means none   * means the blank
numletters        passflag is normally 0, it is 1 if a player passes
letters           and takes NO letters (used to detect the end of a
passflag          game in maintenance).  

player
score
numletters
letters
passflag

player
score
numletters
letters
passflag

ltrs.x contains the string of letters in the game not yet used;
initially 'aaaaaaaaabbcc........' etc


GAMEWALLS DIRECTORY MAKEUP

The Gamewalls directory contains wall.x files that go with the files in
the Games Directory on a one to one basis for each active game.



INVITES DIRECTORY MAKEUP

The invites directory holds invited.x files for each invitation
game until that game is either begun or deleted by maintenance
if not started within one day.

The layout of the invited.x file is:

date_i    the date the game was created
inviter   handle of inviter
n         the number of opponents needing to join the game
opponents a list of the invitees (from 1 to 3)



LASTTURNS DIRECTORY MAKEUP

The lastturns directory contains a file for each active game named
lastturn.x (x is the game number).  Each of these files has the number
of words made in the last turn in a game as its first record followed
by a record for each word made.



CONFIG FILE MAKEUP

named config in wordlink dir; predetermined

Mindgames BBS  (bbsname)
5    maxgames  (Max # of games allowed.  Unregistered Maximum of 5)
7    pgmax     (Maximum number of games allowed per player)
5    pgsmax    (Maximum number of games a player may start)
5    ndays     (number of days a player goes with no moves until deletion)
3    turndays  (number of days allowed a player before autopass in a game)
01   round     (day of month to perform end of round maint eg 01) 
0    ordisable (1 disables override, 0 enables)
2    multwall  (the number of user messages allowed on the main Wall)
pfiles:wordlink/text/  (path to dictionary.. include ending /)

Since the dictionary files are the largest files in the game, you can
put them somewhere else on your system if you lack space on your pfiles
drive.  If this is not a problem on your system, just leave the dictionary
files in the text directory as they come.

* Unregistered Version Notes:

Do not set the maxgames for more than 5 in the unregistered version.
The game will not run if set to more than 5.

The ordisable should be set to 0 in the unregistered version to avoid
players getting the BAD WORD message for valid words as listed in the full
online dictionary included with the registered version.

End

seeker@mindgames.com
:)
