                   SpaceDoor - A Space Game For DLG BBSs
                     Copyright (c) 1991 by Doug McLean
                -------------------------------------------
                            Player Instructions
                -------------------------------------------

Please read the changes file for updated information, this file
is not updated with each release. If the changes file is not
online, complain to your sysop.

WHAT IS SPACEDOOR?
------------------
  Spacedoor is a multi-player, sector based game for DLG BBS systems.
It is similar, in ways, to TradeWars on MS-DOS BBSs, but there is more
to it, and it is completely different. SpaceDoor allows you to buy and
sell cargo on planets, buy enhancements for your ship, use items, and
lots more. The only way to really see what the game is like is to
jump right in and play.

  To play, your terminal must support ANSI screen positioning, and have
a screen that is at least 78 characters wide.

  SpaceDoor is completely menu driven, and the menus explain themselves
fairly well, so these instructions will cover just the basics. The
rest you can learn as you play.

PLAYING THE GAME
----------------
  You, as an enterprising space trader, start with a ship, a little
cash, a few holds, a few possessions, and not much else. You must
do your best to buy, conquor, or steal as much as you can. You are on
your own in SpaceDoor, it is "every ship for himself", there are no
teams.

  When you play SpaceDoor for the first time, you are given a basic
ship, and started in sector 1. The main SpaceDoor screen looks
something likre this:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sector:1        Toll :0
Name  :YOATOD                      <<<< WAITING FOR INPUT >>>> :
Type  :A Government Outpost
Owner :None                       [M] Move To Sector  [L] Land/Dock
Turns Left: 44                    [C] Connectors      [S] Scan Sector
Connectors:                       [V] Scan Ship       [H] Hail Ship
            2     3     11        [A] Attack Ship     [O] Object Scan
Human Ships Here:                 [I] Ship Info       [G] Deploy Guard
Other Ships Here:                 [U] Use Item        [F] Find Owned
Objects here: 0                   [Z] Self Destruct   [T] Toll/Option
                                  [R] Redraw Screen   [X] Exit to BBS

                                   SpaceDoor (c) 1991 by Doug McLean
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  A brief explaination of the left side of the screen follows:

Sector:    This is the number of the sector you are in. The total
           number of sectors in the galaxy is decided by your sysop,
           and is shown when you first enter the game each time.
Toll:      This is the amount you must pay to leave a sector, if it is
           owned. The owner gets the money. If you don't want to pay,
           you will have to destroy any Guards in the sector first.
Name:      This is the name of the port in the current sector, if
           there is a port.
Type:      This is the type of sector or port in the sector. If the
           sector is not empty, there is either a port in the sector
           (which you may be able to land on), or the sector will
           contain an Ion Storm (which may damage your ship a little),
           or a Discovery (every time you find 10 Discoveries, you
           gain an all important Tech level). Note that when you find
           a Discovery, it is moved to another sector, so you can't
           go in and out of a sector to gain a lot of Discoveries.
Owner:     The player who owns the sector. To own a sector, you buy
           guards at Government Outposts, then deploy them in sectors.
           When you own a sector, players must either pay the toll you
           set (up to 200 credits), or destroy the guard. You are
           notified when you log on each time of tolls collected
           (and any other events).
Turns Left: This is the number of turns you have left today. Each move
           to another sector takes 1 turn, as does landing at any port.
           When you run out of turns, you are sent back to reality, and
           you must wait until the next day to play again.
Connectors: These are connectors to other sectors. You can move to any
           of these sectors, or scan them.
Human Ships: This is a list of ships in this sector owned by other
           players. You can hail them to send them a message (which
           they will get when they play next), attack them, scan them,
           etc.
Other Ships: These are ships that are not owned by other players, they
           are system players (the guards are owned by whoever owns
           the sector). You can treat them just like human owned
           ships, except when you hail them, they will either try to
           sell you something, greet you, or attack you, depending
           upon the circumstances and your status at the time. Note
           That it can be very helpful sometimes to buy things from
           system players (try hailing a pirate if you wish to get into
           black market trading).
Objects:   This is the number of objects in the sector. To see what they
           are, use Object Scan. These items may be either possessions
           (which you can use), or cargo, that you can sell. You can
           take these drifting objects from the Object Scan menu.
           Also, when you defeat another ship in battle, you may find
           its cargo floating around in the sector, again, use Object
           Scan.

  And now, a brief explaination of the menu items.

[M] Move to a connected sector. This costs 1 turn and 10 energy units.
    You will not be allowed to move from an owned sector (one with a
    toll) unless you pay the toll, or destroy the guard. Also, some
    ships will demand a toll before you may leave, again, either pay
    the toll or destroy the ship. Some ships may not even want a toll,
    they will not let you leave until you destroy them. You can set
    your ship for any of these options, see [T] Toll/Option below.
[L] Land/Dock at a port. At most ports, you may visit the trading post,
    and the ship shop. The ship shops at most ports are very limited
    and expensive. They do not carry ship upgrades, and they can only
    repair some of your damage. Only Government Outposts have full
    (and reasonably priced) ship shops. These outposts are the only
    places you can buy upgrades and enhancements for your ship, such as
    a missile jammer. Note that certain tech levels are need for certain
    enhancements. Government Outposts also have government offices,
    where you can buy and sell usable possessions, gamble in a lottery,
    get a replacement ID, or go to university. You cannot trade cargo
    at Government Outposts.
[C] This will scan all connected sectors, giving the connectors for
    those sectors.
[S] This will scan a connected sector, providing information about it.
    The amount of information you get depends on what type of sensors
    your ship has.
[V] This lets you scan another ship in your sector. Again, the
    information you get depends on your sensors.
[H] What this does depends on what ship you hail. If you hail a human
    owned ship, you may type a short message to that player, which they
    will get next time they play. If you hail a system ship, it will
    either greet you, try to sell you something, fire on you, or you
    may not be able to understand the response.
[A] Attack is where you do battle. On the Attack menu, you may fire a
    missile (if you have any), fire your weapon (with up to 1000
    energy units), or retreat. BE VERY CAREFUL not to make any
    mistakes on the Attack menu, if you press a key that isn't on the
    menu, try to fire missiles when you have none, or try to use too
    much energy with your weapon, your enemy will get an extra shot at
    you (a space battle is NOT a good place to make mistakes). If you
    lose the battle, your ship will be destroyed, and you will have
    to wait until the next day to get a new ship (and start the game
    over). Better to retreat first! If you do retreat, any effects
    of the battle experienced by your enemy will be repaired before
    you attack again, so only retreat before destroying your enemy
    if you have to. If you destroy another player's ship, then they
    will have to start over again. You cannot do battle in a sector
    numbered less than 20, or in one containing a Government Outpost.
[O] Object scan will scan any objects (cargo and possessions) in the
    current sector. From the Object Scan menu, you may take these
    objects, if you have room. If you don't have room, and there is
    something in the sector that you really want, then from the Object
    Scan menu you may also empty holds or jettison possessions to make
    room.
[I] The Ship Info menu allows you to list your cargo and possessions,
    view the current status of your ship, or view your personal
    status.
[G] Deploy Guard will release a guard into the current sector, making
    you the owner. You can buy guards only at ship shops on
    Government Outposts. Your guard will then collect whatever toll
    you have specified with [T] Toll/Option.
[U] Use item allows you to use your possessions. Possessions may be
    purchased at government offices, from system players, or they
    may be found floating around the galaxy. Possible possessions
    are:
    - ID Transponder: needed to land anywhere except Alien Planets,
      Primitive Planets, Government Outposts, or Black Market Ports.
    - Forged ID: Needed to land at Black Market Ports.
    - Translator: The Universal Translator can be a big help when
      trying to communicate with someone who doesn't speak your
      language.
    - Hyperjump Unit: This can only be used once, and will let you
      jump to any sector you wish, regardless of the connectors.
    - Hyperwave Beacon: You need one of these to hail other ships.
      If you run critically low on energy, use it to send a distress
      signal.
    - Repair Kit: This will repair your ship. The amount of damage
      repaired is 10 times your tech level. It can only be used
      once.
    - Power Crystal: This will increase your current energy level,
      sometimes even beyond the rated maximum. To avoid a power
      systems overload, you cannot use a Power Crystal when your
      energy level is relatively high.
    - Transporter: Sometimes, you will find stray guards floating
      around the galaxy. As these are unmaned, if you have a
      transporter, you can beam aboard a stray guard and re-program
      it to obey you, even a guard in an inhabited sector! You cannot
      use your transporter to "steal" guards in owned sectors.
    - Towel: Something s hitchhiker left on your ship once. It is great
      for polishing you ship!
    - Unknown Item: You don't know what these are, or what the do. When
      you use one, anything can happen, from great ship enhancements
      to disaster. They are risky to try, but the benifits might be
      worth it. But remember the risks when playing with this alien
      technology!
[F] Find Owned will scan the entire galaxy for sectors that you own.
    Be patient, this can take quite a while, depending on the size of the
    galaxy.
[Z] Self Destruct is the option to use when things are hopeless. If you
    have no money, no energy, and no way to get any, then you can self
    destruct and get a new ship next day. If you self destruct, you
    may damage other ships in the sector.
[T] Toll/Option determines how your ship behaves when you are logged
    off, and the amount your guards will collect. You may specify a toll
    for guards up to 200 credits, this money will automatically be
    deposited to your bank account as it is collected. The option
    determines what your ship will do when you are logged off, you may
    set your ship to Defend Only, Collect Toll (the same toll as your
    guards), or Always Fight. If you select Always Fight, other players
    will not be able to leave the sector unless they destroy you, so
    better have lots of energy, little damage, and some ships upgrades
    before selecting this. Note that if your damage is greater than 70
    percent, it will act as if you selected Defend Only until it is
    repaired.
[R] Redraw will redraw the screen, useful if it gets messed up by a DLG
    System Message.
[X] When you are done playing, select this and you will be returned to
    the BBS.


OTHER NOTES
-----------
  - Your tech level determines numerous things, like what enhancements
    you can buy, how much damage a repair kit can fix (ship shops on
    normal planets can fix all but 10 percent, and ship shops on
    government planets can fix it all), and, sometimes, where you
    can land.
  - Keep your battery charged. If you are in a battle and need energy,
    your battery will automatically be used. You do not have time to
    install a power crystal during battle, so your battery might be your
    only hope!
  - Don't make mistakes in battle! Mistakes made will result in more
    damage to your ship, and could mean the difference between
    victory and destruction.
  - Learn quickly what types of planets produce what items. Buy items
    on the planets that produce them, and sell them elsewhere for
    profit.
  - Don't retreat from battle unless you have to. Your enemy will
    repair his ship when you retreat, and recharge his power systems.
    This is only fair, because you can do the same.
  - Better sensors provide more information, in battle, when you scan
    ships, and when you scan sectors.
  - Better shields will protect your ship more effectively against
    enemy fire in battle, and from damage due to Ion Storms.
  - Better power units will generate more power.
  - Better weapons will be more effective in battle.
  - A jammer will prevent your enemy from firing missiles at you.
    are more destructive than other weapons, but if your enemy has
    a jammer, he will use it!
  - When you are destroyed, so are all your turns. You will have to
    wait until the next day to start again.

  Since I am tired of typing, I guess you will have to learn the rest of
the game as you play. Good luck, and don't be afraid to try things. The
worst that can happen is that you will have to start over again.

  Comments and suggestions from players may be sent to Doug McLean
via netmail at FIDO 1:255/9. If you are not able to send netmail on
the BBS you are playing on, ask your sysop to pass your comments
along.

