                         L U N A R   C O N Q U E S T

                                    V2.00+

                          Combat and Espionage Docs

                                   11/10/96

Combat
------

Each day, you get five combat points.  With them, you can choose combat
missions, as long as your support is at least 100%.

1. Missile Strike

This costs one combat point.  Missiles can be stopped by Countermissiles.
If they get through, Missiles destroy enemy forces, one by one.

2. LaserSAT Strike

This costs two combat points.  The LaserSAT can be targeted to a specific
item, which increases its usefulness.  Watch out for enemy LaserSATs!  If
you fire at one and it is operational, it will return fire and BOTH will be
destroyed.  The destructive power of the LaserSAT can completely eradicate
an enemy, if used correctly.

3. Lunar Rover Attack

This costs one combat point.  Your forces clash with his forces.  If you
win the combat, you get to take stuff from your opponent.

4. Tank Attack

This costs one combat point.  As with Lunar Rovers, your forces go up
against your opponent's and the higher force wins.  Again, you get to take
stuff if you win.

5. Hoverjet Attack

This costs one combat point.  The higher force will win.  You get to take
some stuff if you win.

6. Full Assault

This costs three combat points.  For that, you get four attacks:  Missiles,
Lunar Rovers, Tanks and Hoverjets.  The Missiles go first, to soften up the
enemy.  Then the land combat takes place.  Each successful land combat gets
you another shot at the spoils of war.

Spoils Of War

Each time you win land combat, you are offered a choice of five items: Ore,
Food, Mines, Creds or People.  You pick which one to take and you get 25%
of that item.  If the person had none, too bad for you.


Espionage
---------

Each day, you get two espionage points which allow you to do espionage
missions.  Your Lunar Rovers do your espionage, except for intelligence
reports, done by SpySATs.

1. Steal Food

This costs 50,000 Creds.  Your Lunar Rovers charge in and swipe some food.

2. Steal Ore

This costs 100,000 Creds.  Your Lunar Rovers go up against your opponent's.
If they win, they'll bring back some ore.

3. Intelligence

This costs 200,000 Creds.  Your SpySATs will attempt to pierce the defense
network set up by the opponent's Satellite Killers.  If you get through,
you will get a report on the inventory and such of your opponent.  You will
need at least a 75% penetration to get a full report.  Lower percentages
result in fragmentary reports.

4. Steal Creds

This costs 350,000 Creds.  Your Lunar Rovers try to steal his Creds.

5. Bomb Military

This costs 400,000 Creds.  You will also need some Ore to fuel the
explosive device.  Your Lunar Rovers attempt to plant it in his bunker.  If
they are successful, KaBoom!

6. Bomb Civilians

This costs 500,000 Creds.  You will also need Ore to fuel the bomb.  Your
Lunar Rovers plant the device in his station and then Powie!

7. Steal Civilians

This costs 600,000 Creds.  Your Lunar Rovers sneak in and kidnap your
opponent's people and put them to work for you.

8. Demoralize

This costs 750,000 Creds.  Your Lunar Rovers do their best to make your
opponent's people wish they'd never been born.

9. Liberate Mines

This costs 1,000,000 Creds.  Your Lunar Rovers hack into the computers and
erase your opponent's ownership of mines.  They are then put back onto the
market for anyone to buy.

10. Deploy MED

You will require a MED (purchasable from Mr. Black) and at least 10,000 Ore
to power it.  Your Lunar Rovers plant the MED in your opponent's station
and then - Serious destruction ensues.

