
                         ** Hacker v4.0 Sysop Docs **

 Part I: Phone books/hacking BBSes

 Currently, ARexx is limited to a maximum number of 999 when using random
 numbers, unless you use the randu() function which is a bitch, so I don't
 use it.  This means that you cannot have a BBS more than 999 megs--local,
 government, or mainframe.  Hopefully I can get a library written to up
 this limit, but currently, 999 is the limit.

 When hacking BBSes, they can be BUSY, or NO CARRIER--this is random.  After
 you connect, one of two things is displayed: A. The opening screen to the
 BBS, or B: A generic opening.  If you want, you can edit the local phone
 book to BBSes that are local to you, and buffer their opening screens for
 realism.  You name the text file the name of the BBS EXACTLY as it appears
 in the phone book, and put it in the "MISC" directory.  If that file exists,
 it is displayed.  If it is not, "SYS.GENERIC" is displayed, also in the
 "MISC" directory.


 Part II: Menus

 The HAA menu, buy/sell terminal/hardware menu, virus menu, and main menu
 are all text files.  The main menu and dialer menu closely resemble that of
 the AmigaDOS "LIST" command.  You can edit these textfiles as you wish, but
 if you change the name of a command, you have to change the programming.
 All other "sys.__" files can be edited and customized to your own liking.
 However, I ask that you leave the "sys.start" basicaly alone.


 Part III: "RXX." Files

 The files in the MISC directory entitled "rxx.____" are all external rexx
 modules that the program calls.  Please leave these alone!  I don't want
 people complaining that their userfiles were erased due to the fact that
 they edited these.  The only thing you should be playing around with are
 maybe the credit card names and hard drive/level names, but only play with
 the programming if you know what you are doing and am not going to complain
 to me as a result of your actions.


 Part IV: Resseting

 If for some reason you need to, feel like, have to, or want to reset the
 game and start over, here is what you should do:

  Delete everything in the BANK, MESSAGES, and PLAYERS directory.

  Leave everything else alone, and everything should re-create it's self and
  be dandy.  Let me know if this is not the case..


	Thats about it.  Let me know if you have any questions, comments,
	suggestions, bug reports, bomb threts, etc.
