Notes about SoftAGA, by PWS.

    Firstly, let me just say this.  Hahahaha.  Now, a reply to some of the more
ridiculous comments made about SoftAGA.

    The  documentation was written in such a manner as to immediately notify to
the  average  user  (non lamer) that the entire project was a joke.  There is a
lesson  to  be  learned  from  the amigaguide presentation of the docs to begin
with.  AmigaGuide support is SO easy to incorporate, that it should be included
with  every new program being released.  The reader is freely distributable (or
something  like that)...GET IT.  I don't even have any docs on amigaguide and I
still  managed  to  do  it with just one example to look at.  Your mother could
write  one.  Thus, the simple inclusion of the docs in AG format shouldn't have
added to the program's apparent authenticity.

    Those  readers that know anything about a certain video product, hot in the
USA,  will  certainly  have read the various advertisements promoting the Amiga
expansion  board  and  software.   Now that I have jogged your memory, check it
out,  then  re-read  the  introduction to SoftAGA.  Still think it sounds real?
Now,  imagine if I'd left this part out:  probably triple the number would have
been taken in...

    Now  let  me expell some of the myths surrounding the program.  The program
was  written in GadsToolsBox and no I certainly did not write it in CanDo (what
do  you take me for!!) The inclusion of a hefty randomly generated 'patch' file
should  have raised a few eyebrows (considering it couldn't be crunched by even
the  best  archiving  programs).   A fair amount of padding was included in the
program itself to make it look like not just an interface.

    The  program  is  **NOT**  a  virus,  nor does it add or change any data on
floppy  hard  or  ram disks.  Since the user would expect the computer to reset
(in  some  way  or other) after running SoftAGA, the loss of any information in
memory cannot be considered sympathetically either.

    This  program  was  written  as  a  response to some of the rather annoying
rumours/announcements  made  in  the  last  year  about  supposed  new devices,
hardware  hacks  (ECS->AGA...this  was  even  dangerous, at least my program is
totally  harmless),  new  computers (remember the pathetic A5000.txt written by
someone  who was barely literate), and the even more annoying people who firmly
believe  these  Vapourware  'releases' and use up everyone's time by discussing
them  on  the  network  message sections, boring the life out of all the normal
users who know that the entire thing must be total bullshit.

    To  prove  the  above, one only has to read some of the comments written on
the various nets about SoftAGA.  These range from the "A friend got it to work"
variety,  to  the "It looks so professional it *MUST* be real", and "Apparently
it  formats  the HD in 1 in 11 reboots" type.  I was amazed and appalled at the
authority  with which these people spewed forth such crap.  Did they make it up
as  they typed, or did a friend tell them this pseudo information?  Let this be
a  warning  to  readers  of  the  networks  that you should NEVER, EVER believe
ANYTHING  written in a public message base, even if it is supported by a number
of other messages, unless you know of it first hand.

P.S. This has been confirmed by Commodore!!!!
