

                               ---------
                               Inquestor
                               ---------


Inquestor took its first caller on 25 July 1990 and since then
it has been primarily a message oriented system.  In addition -
because the system is different from most and runs on an Amiga
500 - Amiga file support has been excellent.  Inquestor has
grown in the last four years, and now supports the Intel-based
systems.  The file areas also contain a number of non-brand
specific data files.

These include:

 * 15 megs of Space GIFS (from the Hubble Telescope, and also
   pictures of the Jupiter comet collision)

 * A few megs of everyday normal old GIFS

 * 10 megs of IFF (Interchange File Format) images

 * Various JPegs and Mpegs

 * 3-4 megs of 8SVX sound samples

 * 14 megs of MOD files

 * 6-7 megs of textfile archives, including Great Charters of
   the Western Democracy, a reasonably complete Amiga Report
   collection, dozens of volumes of the Computer Underground
   Digest, the Federal Communications Minister's Press Releases on
   BBSs, WorldView archives and numerous general info files
 
 * Full FidoNews and Fido Specifications archives

 * EXTENSIVE Amiga file holdings, including the networked ADS
   and SAN file areas, totaling 300 megabytes.  Reasonably active
   uploaders are visiting the system, too.

 * No file ratios

As mentioned, Inquestor provides message support - this is
mainly through supporting FidoNet technology points.  On some
BBSs you may have to press Escape to login to the system.  At
this point, you are actually connected to the BBS's mailer
program.  If you another mailer was calling, the two would carry
out an automatic mail session with each other.  At Inquestor, I
encourage users to interface with the BBS not only through the
BBS software, but also using FidoNet Mailers.

Setting up a mailer is LITTLE bit tricky - but mainly because
you'll have never done anything like this before, and with a
little practice it becomes as easy as using your terminal
program.

Having a mailer gives you your own address in a network, and you
can then call any other mailer in the world.  For STD and
international callers the benefits are obvious.  You no longer
spend valuable minutes going over file listings and messages,
your mailer can get you files from another mailer in a few
SECONDS, so the only time you spend online is when files are
actually being sent.

Inquestor provides a free netmail and echomail routing service
for all points and BBS users.  This means you can send messages
to BBSs and points anywhere in Australia, or even the WORLD, and
get replies sent back to you in the opposite direction.  For
messages to Sydney, it generally takes a couple of days.
Brisbane and Melbourne only slightly longer.  To Perth, for
instance, you're looking at maybe 6 days.  For overseas
destinations it'll vary from 5-6 days to a week and a half.  Of
course if you're a point, you can send your messages DIRECTLY to
the system they are addressed to if you want INSTANT delivery
(but it's your phone bill).

Inquestor is currently (Oct-94) a member of six networks (it
varies, and I'm thinking very seriously about adding TriNet
shortly).

 * FidoNet:  the second largest computer network in the world
   after the Internet.  It differs from the Internet in that
   Fidonet operators are amateur, whereas Internet hosts are
   mainly educational and commercial sites.  Still, not bad at
   over 33,000 members, of which Inquestor is just one.

 * AmigaNet:  The largest International Amiga-based network,
   with systems in Europe, North America, Australia (and New
   Zealand, naturally).  Although amiga-based, does carry some
   general chat areas, including a Star Trek area.  The echoes
   are alive, and traffic (ie the rate of messages per week)
   is good.

 * GlobalNet:  a stable international network with systems in
   North America, Europe and Australia/NZ.  Reliable message flow.
   The message areas are mainly of a hobby/sporting/recreational
   nature.

 * CoastLink:  a Hunter/Central Coast inception, spreading
  reasonably quickly into Central NSW, Sydney, Queensland and ACT.
  "Family" based messages

 * LionNet:  a small net with close message writers.  Based in
   South Australia, but slowly spreading to the Eastern States.
   Many message writers are also BRE players, and the network
   exists to move BRE files as well as the messages.

 * LitNet: small network spanning Victoria and Sydney dedicated to
   quality "literary" messages with NO computer-related message
   areas.

Inquestor is the only Australian beta test site for TrapDoor,
TrapToss, TrapSched and other "TrapLand" Amiga FidoNet
Technology programs.  It is also the Australian registration
centre.

We've got probably 45-50 doors available to play with on 4
menus.  Games available range from Global War to Space Empire,
from Castle Dungeon to Yahtzee and Crazy 8s.  Currently I'm
writing a Dungeon-based game which will be networked with other
Amiga systems and points.

For more information, call Inquestor on (data) (049) 72-1647.

Inquestor's postal address is PO Box 228 Swansea 2281.

-Peter Deane (Sysop)

