Changes

ver 0.5.2: (127k)
-----------------
Corrected bug in arena and other minor bugs


ver 0.5.4 (118k)
----------------
Moved several routines to outside files.

Compressed many single shot routines down to smaller multi-function routines.  

Major bug fix - removed glaring memory hole.  

Added the Android character. (completely playable!)


ver 0.5.5 (96.7k)
-----------------
Corrected wrong calls to main that should have been to the different locations that the character was in.  

Sped up the mapping routines for the all maps.

Corrected map display bugs (map no longer refreshes entire screen at random - only when it needs to!).  

Started making routines for second level of first dungeon.

Moved more routines to external files.

Can now change the levels needed to enter different areas on the Battlelands map. (code still internal)


ver 0.5.6 (79.1k)
-----------------
Moved more routines to outside files.

Added yet more multi-function routines to replace several single function routines.

Re-wrote magic shoppe, computer access, item shoppe, healing, spynet, magic battle system, and transporter routines.

Can now change all of the names of the cites in the BL.citynames file.

Added a name for the money system that can be EASILY changed!


ver 0.5.65 (78.4k)
------------------
Minor bug fixes. 

Moved beginning keypress until after statload.

Started next rewrite of purchase areas.  Have the items and magic shops combined.  Still need to add the armor shop, weapon shop, and black market.

Started implementing custom colour config.


ver 0.5.66 (78.7k)
------------------
Converted external program files to the new colour format.  Still need to do the main file.

Added configuration file for sysops to change different settings of the game such as monetary system, number of battles in the arena, and bank visits per game. Moved the city names to this file.


ver 0.5.67 (75.1k)
------------------
Moved the gambling routine closer to the Computer routine that it was called from - part of reorganizing everything in it's related area instead of being spread out in random places.

Merged the weapon and armor shop to the one-shop routine.  Merged weapon and armor creation into one routine.

Moved all shop files into new 'Shops' folder.  Removed Armor folder and will remove thoughts and weapons folders once the black market routines have been integrated into the one-shop.

Added weapon and armor creation point prices to config file.

Calculated agility bonus into AC when creating armor.  Previously this was only done for bought armor and now created armor.

Fixed monster loading routine to not go past monster number chosen.  Because of this, the routine no longer uses temp variables that store ALL of the monsters.  It copies the needed stats of the CHOSEN monster directly to where they should be.

Re-wrote portions of the college routine - removed unneeded temp variables.

Removed need for stst.68 - will reuse later.

Re-wrote the way spynet is called to take advantage of new routines.


ver 0.5.68 (71.4k)
------------------
Put max damage and max ac for created items into config.

Moved healing intro to external file.

Gave healing items different costs and placed the costs in the config file for easy editing.

Merged the black market into the one-shop.  The one-shop routines are now complete!

Removed thoughts and weapons folders.


ver 0.5.685 (71.1k)
-------------------
Re-wrote the battle display routine using ANSI quick-refresh routines.  Now redraws the entire screen ONLY when needed!

Combined info goggles and infohelm routines together.

Opponents stats are not shown during battle unless you have either an info helm or info goggles.

Found out that there was already a battle ANSI screenfile so I adapted the routines to use it instead of the one that I created in earlier version.

Changed item found rountines in the map area to use ANSI codes instead of clearing and redrawing the map.  This also increases the speed that the user can play since the map is not redrawn completely each time.


ver 0.5.686 (73.7k)
-------------------

Fixed the routine where the monster got the first attack to happen AFTER the new battle screen is drawn and before user is able to enter any commands in.

Added opponent death knells that corospond to how badly the overdamage is.

Converted the rest of the program to the new colour variables.

Organized some of the mapping routines to make them easier to work with.

Added a new dungeon level and made the new key be the one for the military base!


ver 0.5.687 (74.7k)
-------------------
Fixed a bug in the monster load routine that loaded a second monster over the first in certain areas.

Changed HP to show 0 (instead of a negative number) on the display when either player or monster is killed.

Changed the battle magic routines to display in lower battle area - less redraw!

Fixxed the display during teleport in the castle map.

Added damage to the update routine to show when spells affect the amount of damage that you can do.

Corrected map display - no longer shows event text before drawing the map 

Corrected calculation of damage that can be done - strength bonus was not being added.

Made rage and strength spells temporary - were being added permenantly after being cast.  This did not show while weapon damage was not calculated correctly, but became VERY appearent once it was.

Added an MP rejuvinating item - in the form of a dermal patch.  You can have multiples, cost 3 times the cost of a medkit.  Useage in battle causes opponents to attack.  Effects are instant. Currently known as a Vitality Derm, it needs a better name.


ver 0.5.688 (77.7k)
-------------------
Added dermal patches to perform different functions.  Changed the name of the Vitality Derm to DMP, or Dermal Magic Patch.

Single use of dermal patches are now instants - other battle commands can be used in the same round.  Use of 2 patches in one round, however, uses your action for that round.

Added battle stun - some patches have side effects if used too often or by the wrong class - one of which is being stunned for 'x' number of rounds.

Created and added computer files on the different types of patches available and their uses.

Combined dermal purchase and medkit routines into one.


ver 0.5.689 (76.3k)
-------------------
Combined the dermal usage routines into one routine.

Fixxed minor display issues.


ver 0.5.69 (77.4k)
------------------
Added in STAT upgrades for every 5th/10th level.


ver 0.5.695 (72.8k)
-------------------
Squashed the last of the current (minor) bugs - all functions appear to be completely bug free at this time.

Changed the mapping routines from MCI to ANSI.

Moved other non speed critical items to outside files.

Re-wrote the access X monster file @ Y level.



ToDo:

Re-write the map routines to use y/x.2 routines - this will merge all mapping routines into one.

Add the new armor now located in the BLKA file to the black market.

Complete the storyline!!!!!
