
          Introduction:

          This is  a  game  for  2-14  players.   There will
     always  be  14  players  in any game, the computer will
     play  turns  for  unused  major  countries allowing new
     players to join in after the game starts.

          When a  game starts, the computer will be assigned
     to all countries and all data will be initialize to:
                     Pop.  Cash  Industry  Missiles  Antimissles
      Major Country  200    100      9       10          10
      Minor Country    5      0      1        5           5

          The computer  will control production in the minor
     countries  and  all  majors  that  do  not  have  human
     players  assigned  to them.  Humans may join at anytime
     and  will  be  assigned  a  country  randomly  from the
     remaining  computer  controlled  major  countries.  You
     may  only  play  one  major  country  per game and once
     destroyed cannot come in again.  It is possible that you
     could be assigned a country that is nearly dead if a war
     has already started.  Sorry, but the computer did the
     best it could!

          This is  a  game  of  diplomacy and skill.  If you
     can  get  the other countries to fight with each other,
     you  might  just  survive  World  War  III  intact!  Of
     course,  the  reason  it  is called "World War" is that
     the  whole  world  will  probably  get  drawn  into the
     fight!

          You have  many  options  available to you during a
     turn.    You   may   build,  sell  or  give  away  your
     resources.   You  also  may  spy  on  other  countries,
     declare  war  and  order  attacks(you  have to formally
     declare   war   first!).   The  computer  players  will
     probably  not  declare  war,  but  then you never know!
     One  thing  for  sure  is  that  if  someone  attacks a
     computer  player, it will retaliate to the best of it's
     ability!   Minor  countries  take their orders from the
     Major  country  that  has  been  the  most  generous to
     them.   Minor  countries  do  not  attack on their own,
     even  if  fired upon by another country.  Each turn you
     can  give  industry, cash, missiles, and antimissles to
     the   minor   countries  hoping  that  they  like  your
     contributions  enough  to  follow  your  orders.  Minor
     countries  only  fire  during  the maintenance the next
     day,  so who ever gives the most will have their orders
     listened  too!  Each  day  when maintenance is ran, the
     minor  countries  will figure out who is the most liked
     Major  country  and  follow  the orders of that country
     for  the day.  You may invest in a country and have the
     highest  influence,  but  if  it was not the highest at
     the  start  of the day, you will not have control.  You
     can  find  out  how  well  liked  you are in a minor by
     sending  a  spy to the country.  You can find out about
     any  country  by sending a spy.  Spy results will occur
     whenever  you ask the spy.  However, it takes a day for
     you  spy  to  arrive  in the country so if you give the
     spy  orders  to move, he will not report in again until
     maintenance  is  run.   Maintenance  will  always occur
     when  the  first  player  of  the  day attempts to take
     their  turn.   You  get  one  turn  per day, unless the
     sysop  wishes  to  reset  the  maintenance  data with a
     special  sysop  command.   The  sysop  can  play  as  a
     regular player.

          Your Turn:

          You may  access  the  game  any number of times in
     the  day.  Each time you play, you may read messages(if
     any),  send  messages,  buy, sell, give stuff away, and
     if  you  have  production points, build things.  If war
     is  declared, you may fire missles(or order your minors
     to  fire)  as  many times as you want(until you are out
     of missles!).

          Messages will  be  automatically  address with the
     sender's  country, no anonomous messages.  You may lie,
     cheat,  steal,  or say anything in the messages.  It is
     frowned  upon  to  use  profanity,  but each message is
     private so use your own judgement.

          Note: Nothing   is  encrypted,  and  a  Sysop  can
     change,  set, and list any countries information.  If a
     Sysop  is  honest, they will not use this to "cheat" in
     the  game.   This  also  means  a  Sysop  can  read any
     messages.

          One thing  you want to keep track of is the "World
     News  tonight".   You  want  to  pay close attention to
     this,  alot  of  information will be included each day.
     This  is  a regular new broadcast that all players will
     see.   This  will  tell  you who fired at who(including
     yourself),  who was killed, ect.  This may also include
     propoganda  generated  by  the  players.  Never believe
     everything  you  read  in the news!  While the computer
     is honest, you never know about those leaders....

          Next is  your  production  and  investments.   You
     will  be able to designate what your industry produces,
     what  is  sold,  and  what  is  given away to influence
     minor   countries.   You  also  can  recieve  your  spy
     reports  and  reassign  spies  to new countries at this
     time.   If you miss your turn or do not use all of your
     production  capabilities,  the  computer will save your
     production  for  up  to  three days worth.  After that,
     the  excess  production  will  automatically be used to
     creating  consumer  good  which  will  add cash to your
     treasury.   This  is  the  only  way other than to sell
     industry  for  you  to  get  more  cash.  When you sell
     industry,  the  minor  countries  will bid to determine
     the  price.   It could be small, it could be large!  It
     is  totally  based  on  supply  and demand.  If alot of
     people  sell  industry,  the price will drop, if only a
     few, then it could be high!

          The last  area  of  your  turn  is  declaring war,
     and/or  firing  missles  at some country.  You may fire
     at  any  country  and will see the results on your next
     turn.   You must declare war prior to firing.  When you
     declare  war,  a message will appear in the "World News
     tonight".   When  any  country fires missles, a "launch
     detected"  message  will  be  issued  in  the  new.  It
     should  be  noted  that if a minor fires at you, it was
     done  so  under  the  orders  of the country in control
     YESTERDAY!   That  could be a totally different country
     than  today!   If you fire missiles at a minor country,
     it  will  become  very  upset with you and you lose all
     your influence.

          Declaring war  must  be at someone(Major Country),
     it  does  not have to be a "human" controled country...
     You   must  fire  at  least  one  missile  towards  the
     country.

          The different   options  are  controlled  by  menu
     options.   You may mix your actions in any order.  Some
     actions  will  not  occur  until Maintenance is run the
     next  day.   Turns  are usually one per day.  Missing a
     turn  may not kill you, but if war is declared, you may
     find that the missles will...

          Commands:

          All commands  are invoked from the main menu.  The
     main menu looks like:

             Nuclear Warfare Version x.y   Status: <peace/war >
       Country: <name>  Cash: nnnnn  Population: nnnnn  Production: nnnnn
                  Ind: nnn           Missiles: nnn           AntiMissles: nnn
       Spies Assigned to: 1: <country>  2: <country>  3: <country>
       1) - Build Industry     2) - Build Missles    3) - Build AntiMissiles
       4) - Sell  Industry     5) - Sell Production  6) - Send Spy report
       7) - Give  Industry     8) - Give  Missles    9) - Give  AntiMissiles
       C) - Give  Cash         S) - Spy Status       G) - Send Spy
       N) - Read World News    O) - Read Old News    M) - Read Messages
       W) - Declare War!       F) - Fire Missles     L) - Order Minor Fire
       J) - Generate News      K) - Send Messages    P) - General Game Info
       A) - Abdicate           I) - Instructions     Q) - Quit for now

          Build/Sell/Give:

          You may  build  with your production.  One unit of
     production   builds   one   third   Industry   or   one
     Missile/AntiMissile.   Unused  production  can  produce
     consumer   goods  which  generates  tax  revenue(cash).
     Selling  Industry  will  also  generate cash.  Industry
     sold  will  go to the Minor that buys the item.  Minors
     will  buy  with  the cash they have.  The price you get
     is  determined by what the Minors bid.  You might get 1
     million,  you  might  get 100, you never know!  You may
     give  things  to  either a Major or Minor country.  The
     Minors  will  appreciate  your gifts to the extent that
     they  may  follow  your  orders  during war time(missle
     fire  orders).   You  may  only  build  while  you have
     production  units  left.   You may only sell/give items
     you either have or build during the turn.

          Spying: You  may  send  up  to  3  spies  out each
     turn.   They  will  send  you messages with information
     each  turn.   Your  spies  will stay at the country you
     assign  them  to.  You may change where they located at
     anytime  during your turn.   You will only get a report
     from  the  three  countries  you have assigned spies to
     when  Maintenance  is  run.   Your  spies will give you
     complete   information   about  the  country  you  have
     assigned  them  too.   You will have to ask for the Spy
     Status  report  to  find out what your Spies know...  3
     Spies  may not seem like alot, that is true.  You might
     want  to  trade  information  with  other countries.  A
     well formed alliance can cover alot more countries.  There
     is an automatic command for sending your current spy
     reports to other players.  This is also useful to send
     to yourself to keep track of what is going on where.

          Messages:

          You may   send  messages  to  any  major  country.
     Computer   Players   will   ignore   messages  sent  to
     them(purged  each  day).  You may send messages to more
     than  one  player at the same time.  You may purge your
     messages.   If  you  are  reading the current messages,
     purging   messages   will  cause  them  to  become  old
     message(appended   to   the   end).    If  purging  old
     messages, they will be deleted permanently.

          Wartime:

          During Wartime(after  someone  declares  war), you
     may   fire  your  missles  and  order  minors  to  fire
     theirs.   Only  the  minor  where  you have the highest
     populatity  index  will  listen to your orders.  Missle
     fire  will  be  reported  in  the World News.  Computer
     Players  can  and  will respond to being attacked.  The
     Computer  Players  like to get revenge for attacks.  It
     can  be  rather  difficult  to get a Computer Player to
     stop   firing   at  you.   Sometimes,  if  you  try  to
     establish  peace  by  not  firing  they  sometimes stop
     their  attacks.   Minor  Countries  never  fire  unless
     ordered  to.   During  war  time,  you  will be able to
     order  minors  to fire for you.  This is done by asking
     for  a launch of a number of missiles.  The minors will
     fire  what  they  have  up to that amount.  You will be
     told  of what minors can and cannot fire for you.  Also
     each  minor  will  generate  a  "Launch  detected" news
     item.

          Note, since  investments  are  not immediate, only
     the  Major  with  the highest index at maintenance time
     will  be in control of a minor.  If majors and minor do
     not  fire  for a turn, the Wartime status will start to
     downgrade  towards  peace...   It usually takes several
     turns  of  no firing to obtain Peace.  Computer Players
     if  fired  upon, will fight to the death, but have been
     known  to prefer a peacetime environment.  The Computer
     does however like to get in the last strike.  The Computer
     will also use it's spies to determine who is it's enemy.

          World News:

          Don't believe  everything  you  read  in the news.
     Some  of  the  messages  might  just  be lies issued by
     player  countries  as  propaganda.   It is up to you to
     determine  what  is  the truth and what is lies(that is
     what  the  spies  are  for!).   You  can issue your own
     version of the truth in the form of propaganda.

          Diplomacy:

          Messages to  other  players, alliances, propaganda
     are  all part of the diplomacy needed to survive!  One
     country  against  the world will only suceed if all the
     other  countries  fight  it  out  with each other.  The
     best players sometimes win without firing a shot...

          Victory Conditions:

          The winner  is  the one surviving player after all
     other  players  are  eliminated.  Computer Players must
     be  eliminated for a human player to win.  The last player
     alive(it may be the computer...) will be declared the
     "ruler of the rubble" and placed in the "hall of flames".
     At that point, decontamination occurs and the game be
     restarted....

          Maintenance Operation overview:
      If War time:
        Major Missle  Hits  occur
        Reports  to News as they occur)
        Minors recieve orders and fire.
        if no missle fire, downgrade war status
      endif
      Production not used generates cash
      Minors purchase prices determined.
      Minor purchases determined
      Gifts received, popularity indeces updated
      Spies arrive at new destinations...
      Spies deliver info.
      New Production points allocated.
      Computer Player Plays turn.
