
So, you obviously want to know more about running a point system.

Running a point gives you real POWER in BBS messages. You can operate
just like a mini-BBS in itself for mail, using FidoNet Mailer software
which is at a peak for file transfer efficiency. It's a very
cost-effective way for anyone who is long-distance to BBSs to
communicate.

It's also very convenient for mail users to keep a record of the
messages posted by both themselves and other users. You actually get a
copy of every message in the echoes you select.

Up to recently, the only way you could do this was to call your BBS with
a fidoNet mailer. If you wanted to actually call the BBS to play games
or maybe chat with other users, a second phone call would have been
necessary.

Now you can pickup your mail, while logged into the BBS, giving you the
best of both worlds. The POWER of a point, and the FLEXIBILITY of
logging into the BBS. We can even take your replies from you, while
you're at it.

Some points may not use this service often - but it's nice to have.
Other users will take offline message reading just that small step
further, and become points.

If you'd like to know even more about this, you can download a file
containing some information. If you decide to go ahead, just let your
Sysop know, and everything can be setup, such as a session password, and
your own personal point number(s) in the Networks your sysop is in.

If you have an Amiga, it's suggested you use the Point Package Spot.
It's easiest to setup and is very powerful.  After you've tried Spot,
you might like to branch out and use other software, but you will at
least be experienced enough to know what to look for.

If you have an Intel-Based Machine, the choice of software is wider.
You might choose to use BBS-ready software, or just a personal point
progam.  If you choose the former, it is more powerful, but harder to
setup.  The latter, while being easier to setup, might lack a bit of
guts.  However, it's up to you, and you can always swap and change your
mailer software.

