ABOUT LAST NIGHT
  On New Years Eve, before Dan and Debbie decide to go out, they are having
a modest dinner with shrimp-looking-things on their plates. As the camera
angles change, Dan's food is eaten and uneaten a couple of times.

ABOUT LAST NIGHT
  On New Years Eve, before Dan and Debbie decide to go out, they are having
a modest dinner with shrimp-looking-things on their plates. As the camera
angles change, Dan's food is eaten and uneaten a couple of times.

ABOUT LAST NIGHT
  When Litco is giving Dan his first delivery of stolen (100% off)
restaurant supplies in Dan's brand new City Diner, the clock dances wildly
in the background as the views change.

ANATOMY OF A MURDER
  Lee Remick has a skirt when she gets up to leave a cafe. By the time she
gets outside, she's wearing slacks.

AWAKENINGS
  There is one scene near the beginning where Robin Williams gets in his
car and talks to his nurse, who is outside the car. When you look into the
car from the outside, the car window is not quite rolled down, and when you
look out from the car, the car window is completely rolled down.

BABY BOOM
  When Diane Keaton has moved out to her new house and is talking to her
plumber, watch the door of the plumber's van during their conversation.
First he closes it, but in a following shot it is open again.

BACK TO THE FUTURE
  This one takes place really quick, but when Biff and gang are chasing
Marty (on the "skateboard") their car changes between two different models.
(Watch the headlights.) The cutting is rapid and it is difficult to catch
this, even when you're looking for it.

BATMAN (1989)
  The name of the museum is spelt differently on the outside and inside of
the building.

BATMAN (1989)
  In the scene in which Jack Nicholson and his gang deface a collection of
paintings, one canvas has pink handprints on it in one shot but not in a
later shot.

THE BATTLE OF MIDWAY
  The same Forestal-class carrier (60s vintage, with slant decks and full
modern radar suites) is used as the "Hiryu" and "Soryu", one of which is
simply the same film turned left-to-right, including the backwards hull
number painted on the flight deck.

BETTER OFF DEAD
  During the scene of the final ski race down the K-12, when the paper boy
is chasing Lane, there is an obvious camera on skis in the bottom of the
shot. The skis and a reflection of the camera gear is visible, and the
camera pops in for a minute, too!

BEVERLY HILLS COP
  Remember the scene where Axel goes to Victor Matlin's office and meets
him for the first time? After a brief conversation, Victor presses a button
to summon his goon squad. They come in to forcibly remove Axel. Victor's
head goon is a thin man with straight hair and glasses. As the goon squad
enters, you see a shot of them looking from Victor's desk. In this shot,
the head goon has his suit jacket buttoned. They grab Axel, and you see a
shot from the door as they carry him out. The head goon turns around and
starts to lead them out. As he does he buttons his jacket.

BEVERLY HILLS COP II
  There is a scene where Rosewood is driving a large but slow truck,
chasing the bad guys. Eddie Murphy catches hold of the door, jumps onto the
truck, and gets into the cab. Meanwhile, his gun, which he stuck in the
back of his jeans can clearly be seen falling out and into the road. A
little while later he naturally produces this gun and starts shooting.

THE BIG EASY
  In the scene after "Big Daddy" (or whatever his name is) is killed, the
position of Ellen Barkin's pearl necklace changes depending on whether she
is seen from the front or the side.

BIRD ON A WIRE
  In the scene where Mel and Goldie are on the ferry to Wisconsin, they
leave from Detroit. (Apparently the ferry goes over Michigan!)

THE BLACK HOLE
  The space travellers say their mission is to find "inhabitable life" in
the universe, as though they represent a race of fleas looking for a new
dog.

BLADE RUNNER
  When we first see Roy Batty, he's in a phone box. There's someone's hand
on his shoulder even though he's clearly the only person in the phone box.

BLADE RUNNER
  When Zhora goes crashing through those plate-glass windows, the stunt
double looks nothing like the actress. While the actress has wavy reddish
hair, the stunt double has this very curly dark hair.

BLADE RUNNER
  For the scene of the skimmer taking off, the support cables are quite
visible.

BORN ON THE FOURTH OF JULY
  Set in 1968-69, but includes Don McLean's song "American Pie", released
in 1971.

BORN ON THE FOURTH OF JULY
  In a protest scene outside the 1972 Republican convention, a Vietnam
veteran is wearing Reeboks, which weren't introduced until 1978.

THE BREAKFAST CLUB
  When the teacher is in the basement looking at the files, the index card
on the open drawer is in two different positions depending on the angle of
the camera.

BULLITT
  The Dodge Charger loses the same hubcap twice during one of the chase
scenes.

BULLITT
  The scene where the guy comes off the motorbike wasn't supposed to
happen. It seems that he came off a back road and suddenly came around the
corner, but the scene looked so good that the director left the scene in
the movie!

CASABLANCA
  Twelve minutes into the film, it is mentioned that the stolen Letters of
Transit are signed by General DeGaulle, and cannot be questioned. But
DeGaulle was the leader of the Free French, and Casablanca is set in Vichy
France, where he had been sentenced (in absentia) to death as a traitor.
(This is contentious; did Peter Lorre say "DeGaulle", "Weygand", or a mix
of the two?).

THE CASSANDRA CROSSING
  There is a train that cannot stop, and there is an attempt to pace it
with a helicopter and lower something down to it on a rope. This would be
rather a neat trick, because this is Europe and the train is electric, and
every few seconds it passes under one of the structures holding up the
overhead wires! Solution? Simple. In the shot where the attempt is actually
made to lower the rope, the locomotive is magically transformed into a
diesel, and the electric wires are gone! (And only in that shot; it's still
electric while the helicopter is lining up for the attempt, and turns back
to electric as soon as it's finished.)

CLEOPATRA
  Cleopatra died in 30 BC, but she goes through an arch that was
constructed in 300 AD.

A CLOCKWORK ORANGE
  In the scene where Alex returns to "Home" were he raped the author's
wife, he is eating some spaghetti and drinking some wine. The amount of
wine in his glass and the amount of spaghetti on his plate jumps around in
an unnatural manner.

CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND
  Richard Dreyfuss is driving a station wagon from his home to the mountain
where the aliens will appear. The station wagon's license plates switch
states.

THE COLOR OF MONEY
  Right after Eddie (Paul Newman) plays Vincent (Tom Cruise), Eddie is seen
taking apart his cue stick, then the movie cuts to a short time later
(after the crowd appears to have cleared out some) when Eddie walks over to
the table and again begins to disassemble his stick.

COMMANDO
  In the chase scene between the bad guys' yellow Porsche and the girls'
red convertible, the front bumper of the red car gets hit and hangs from
only one side. A few seconds later the bumper is back on the car again, all
fixed.

THE CRIMSON PIRATE
  During the balloon scene the camera pans down from the balloon and onto
the ship where we see the old crew tied up in the big net. Between the
masts of the ship you can see a luxury sealiner in the background.

DANCES WITH WOLVES
  Early in the film, the first time we see Costner riding Cisco, there's a
canteen tied to Cisco's saddle; as the camera pulls back for a longer shot,
Cisco is prancing along and it becomes obvious that the canteen is open,
and there's clearly water splashing all over the side of the horse.

DANCES WITH WOLVES
  Dunbar's wagon driver who carries him to the outpost has some migrating
egg on his face. In the scene where he is eating the pickled eggs, every
shot from the front of wagon has him with a large piece of egg on his upper
lip, but every time he looks back at Dunbar, its gone.

DAYS OF THUNDER
  When Tom Cruise is injured during a race, he's taken to hospital with a
red ring around the iris of his right eye. But in the subsequent scenes at
the hospital, the ring moves to his left eye and then back to his right.

DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER (JAMES BOND)
  There is a chase scene between Bond in a "moon buggy" and a bunch of
Fords careening across the desert. In one shot, one of the Fords shoots
over a sand dune. In the lower corner of the screen, you see what appears
to be one of the moon buggy's wheels bouncing away. Next shot, the moon
buggy drives away, with all wheels intact.

DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER (JAMES BOND)
  At one point James Bond is driving a car down an alley that ends at a gap
between two buildings that is too narrow to drive through normally.
Somehow, Bond manages to get the two left wheels up in the air and drives
through the gap at a slant. When the car comes out from between the two
buildings, the two RIGHT wheels are in the air. (Explanation: The
intervening sequence, where the car rides on all 4 wheels again before
lifting the two right wheels, was edited out of the TV version of this
movie).

DIE HARD
  Watch the window on the door to the conference room where Hans kills
Takagi. Takagi's brains splatter all over the glass. But in the next scene
the amount of blood on the glass is a lot less. Later during the shootout
in the same room the amount of blood that was originally on the glass
reappears.

DIE HARD II
  There are Pacific Bell phones in Dulles Airport, on the East Coast.

DIE HARD II
  Many characters say that Dulles airport is in Washington D.C. It is
actually in Virginia.

DIE HARD II
  Late in the movie, Bruce Willis is shown running through the airport
terminal. In the background, you see him running past one of the
information boards near the baggage claim and rental car area. It shows a
map of the Los Angeles freeway system.

DISORGANIZED CRIME
  Two FBI agents have their car stolen by a group of bank robbers. The car
is used by both sides in several chase scenes, and they keep referring to
it as a "Chrysler", even though it's a Ford.

DRIVING MISS DAISY
  Jessica Tandy and Morgan Freeman's encounter with state troopers clearly
takes place in Alabama. The troopers, however, wear Georgia Patches on
their uniforms.

DR STRANGELOVE
  You see the B-52 flying (obviously a model) over the Arctic landscape and
below you can plainly see the shadow of the prop-driven plane from which
the snowscape shots were filmed.

E.T., THE EXTRATERRESTRIAL
  For about one second, you see Elliot wreck his bike. He has E.T. in the
front and everything. It flashed really quick, and most people didn't see
it.

E.T., THE EXTRATERRESTRIAL
  When Eliot first sees E.T. in the storage shed, watch him and the boy
sitting next to him at the table after he runs in to tell his brother's
friends. As he's telling them of his amazing discovery, the boy next to him
is mouthing the lines along with Eliot.

THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK
  In the scene where Han Solo is about to get carbon-frozen, the close-ups
show him without his vest, then with his vest, then without his vest as he
goes down.

EXCALIBUR
  King Arthur sure looks spiffy in his shiny silver armor. As a matter of
fact, it's so shiny that in it you can see the reflection of someone
holding what appears to be a boom microphone.

FATAL ATTRACTION
  Glen Close is in bed, talking to Michael Douglas, who's standing. In the
shots looking at her from the viewer's left (her right), the sheet is below
her (visible) breasts. In the shot looking at her from the viewer's right,
the sheet is over her breasts.

FLATLINERS
  During the final resuscitation scene, the hand-held camera is easily seen
in the reflection of the EEG monitor when it zooms in.

FLETCH
  Doctor Rosenpenis's stethoscope very briefly appears off, then back on
his ears as he is bending over to pick up the papers he has dropped.

48 HOURS
  There is a black, dusty Porsche that Eddie drives around in late in the
movie, but you can see that car early in the movie while traipsing around
the city.

FRANKENHOOKER
  It is the scene just after the doctor wakes up in his garage/laboratory,
finds the "monster" is gone, and runs out to the street. From the street,
the camera shows the doctor coming out of the garage. His car is in front
of his house on the street. Then the camera follows him as he runs a little
way up the street looking for the monster. It is late at night and the
streets are empty of people. There is another car on the street not far in
front of the doctor's car. The doctor then runs back to his car, jumps in,
and drives off. But the car directly in front of his is now gone. The whole
scene is just a few seconds. The strange thing about this goof is that the
scene is (apparently), continuous. Its as if the movie makers did it just
as a joke of some kind.

FULL METAL JACKET
  In the first half of the film, the soldiers have to go across one of
those monkey-bar-type things that you hang from and get across by moving
one hand alternately ahead of the other. The sergeant in charge shouts "It
should take no less than x seconds to get across!" But this doesn't make
sense. He should have said "it should take no more than" because then he'd
be putting a reasonable upper limit on it.

GARGOYLES
  There is a scene where a cops car in speeding down a dirt road. The car
changes from a Chevy Impala to a Ford several times during the scene.

GHOST
  In the scene where Demi and Pat are making pottery in the middle of the
night, they both cover their hands in wet clay. Before you know it they're
bumping and grinding and running their hands through each other's hair -
and their hands are clean!

GHOST
  When bad guy Rick Aviles is hit and killed by a car, his body is left
lying in the street. Seconds later, when his ghost appears at the scene,
his dead body is lying on top of the car.

GHOSTBUSTERS
  During the scene on top of the apartment building, there are rocks
falling from the top of the building. At one point, the scene cuts to a
shot of the panicking crowd in the street. Watch closely - you can see one
of the rocks hit a wooden police barricade - and bounce off!

GLEAMING THE CUBE
  During the big chase sequence at the end, the burgundy Toronado
alternately has and doesn't have headlight covers.

GLEAMING THE CUBE
  Later during this same chase, the stolen police car cuts in front of a
red Corvette, "damaging" the left front fender near the headlight. When
Christian Slater skates up alongside the irate driver the "damage" to the
car is obviously from old rust, and not a hit from another car.

GLORY
  In the first scene where Morgan Freeman meets Matthew Broderick, Freeman
is is kicking soldiers to see if they are alive. When Broderick looks up to
see who has kicked him, the sun is clearly shining from behind him. Yet in
the next scene, Freeman comes into the sunlight, showing his face. The sun
is behind him now. The direction of the sun alternates in the next two
scenes.

GODFATHER III
  In the montage of newspaper clippings describing the Corleone family's
involvement with the Italian corporation, all of the headlines are correct
(e.g. CORLEONE GAINS STOCK IN IMMOBILIARE), but the text underneath them is
way off base: one story talks about Saddam Hussein, another is about
something else in current affairs, and the third is actually from a
computer manual, as in: "Insert the disk into the drive and turn the
computer on", etc.

GONE WITH THE WIND
  When the horse-drawn carriages are driving up to Twelve Oaks, they cast
no shadows on the ground.

GONE WITH THE WIND
  When Scarlett and Melanie are nursing the wounded soldier, their shadows
don't fit their movements.

GONE WITH THE WIND
  Late in the second half, Rhett Butler (Clark Gable) takes the women on a
wild "chariot style" ride through burning Atlanta. Depending on which cut
of the film you see, Rhett changes once, twice, or three times into a short
black stunt man while driving the wagon!!

GOODFELLAS
  In the scene near the end where DeNiro's character is trying to off the
wife (by telling her to go into the "dress shop"), she speeds off in her
car, and in the process, blows a fake license plate off the car parked in
front of her (an orange New York license plate covering a new one).

THE GRADUATE
  Ben, in a very pretty establishing shot, drives over the Bay Bridge to
Berkeley and is on the upper span, thus going the wrong way.

GREEN BERETS
  John Wayne goes eastward into the sunset

GREMLINS
  Zach Galligan's Volkswagen changes color twice in the course of a few
minutes.

GREMLINS
  The underside of tree branches are coated with snow.

GREMLINS
  Look at the scene when the gremlins are swinging from the Christmas tree
and the tree falls forward. For a split second, you can see a prop man
pushing the tree over. He's behind the tree a little to the left, and he's
wearing a red shirt and glasses.

HALLOWEEN
  Although the story takes place in Illinois, all the cars have California
license plates.

HANDMAID'S TALE
  In the scene where Offred is holding yarn for Major's wife, the amount of
yarn jumps around erratically.

HANDMAID'S TALE
  Natasha is given a photo of her daughter. The camera angles change, and
in the next shot she is holding a different photo.

HANDMAID'S TALE
  A man is giving a speech denouncing women. He lists one of their sins as
"test-tube babies" (on the soundtrack), but his mouth is clearly saying
something else.

HANG 'EM HIGH
  There's a scene where Clint Eastwood walks into a saloon. The shadow of
the cameraman is clearly visible in the street.

THE HARD WAY
  In the captain's office (early in the film, when Jack is complaining
about Nick) a list on the wall is titled "Homocides" (sic).

HELL COMES TO FROGTOWN
  Roddy shoves a bad-guy demon off a cliff, and the demon falls off and out
of the picture. If you play it in slow motion, you can see the mattress
that the demon lands on pop up for a second into the picture.

INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE
  (In the scene at the beginning) Indy is swinging off the Coronado via a
hook on a line. He distinctly has the Cross of Coronado in his left hand in
the previous scene. When he grabs onto the hook, the cross disappears, and
when he lands in the water, it's in his left hand again.

INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE
  The first shot of the adult Indy as he raises his head shows blood
trickling down his chin from one side of his mouth. In the next and
subsequent shots, the blood is dripping from the other side.

INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE
  In trying to find his father. Indiana Jones goes thru his father's mail.
A close up of the letters shows one with a stamp not issued by the U.S.
Post Office until after the time frame of the movie.

INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE
  After the tank goes over the cliff, the turret of the tank falls off and
away as the tank hits the ground. However, when Connery and the rest look
over the edge at the tank, the turret is in place on the top of the tank.

INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE
  As the camera angles change on Sean Connery right after the tank falls
from the cliff, you can see marked differences in the way Connery's beard
is trimmed.

INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE
  While spelling out the word of God, Indy steps on a letter, accidentally
breaking the letter behind his foot. In the next scene, the letter is
intact.

INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF DOOM
  When the rope bridge is cut and Indy is climbing up, the 'bad guys' start
shooting arrows at him from across the canyon. Several of these actually
hit Indy in the back, and harmlessly bounce off.

INTOLERANCE [1916]
  One shot includes a director's assistant clad in coat and tie in a scene
set in ancient Babylon.

JAGGED EDGE
  Glenn Close's outfit changes from gray to blue to brown in a a courtroom
sequence.

THE JEWEL OF THE NILE
  Kathleen Turner jumps onto a train wearing canvas slip-ons that change to
leather sandals that change back to canvas shoes later in the scene.

JULIUS CAESAR
  In the scene where Cassius offers Brutus his dagger to kill him, the
blade of his dagger falls off as he pulls it out of the sheath. Without
even slowing down, the actor offers the hilt of the dagger to Brutus, with
the "blade" hidden behind his forearm. Truly a great recovery.

THE KING AND I
  During Yul Brynner's "Is a Puzzlement" number, the earring he wears in
some shots is absent in others. It also shifts from ear to ear.

KELLY'S HEROES
  While they are removing the "boxes of gold bars" from the bank, some of
the actors act as if the boxes are very heavy, while others toss them
around as if they are empty (which they were).

KELLY'S HEROES
  Each box is supposed to carry 12 gold bars, each of 10 kg - that's over
240 lbs a box - at the very end, Kelly (Clint Eastwood) picks up two boxes,
one in each hand, and hauls them out.

LETHAL WEAPON
  When Roger is complaining about his life being over with so many years on
the force and not a scratch on his record, the car he's driving is moving
but the shifter is in park.

LETHAL WEAPON
  Riggs handcuffs himself to the depressed businessman. They jump off the
building but they're not handcuffed to each other any more.

LONGTIME COMPANION
  During the well-known death scene where one man is telling the other to
"let go", the overhead mike was visible to me off and on through the entire
scene. Not only was the mike apparent, but it was moving in and out of the
picture (up and down, like someone couldn't hold it properly), which was
even more of a distraction.

LOOK WHO'S TALKING
  While John Travolta and Kirstie Alley drive around in search of a missing
child, Travolta has sunglasses on in the shots taken from outside the car
but not those taken inside.

THE LOST BOYS
  There is a scene where actor Jason Patric is flying uncontrollably in his
room. In his scramble to control himself, he accidentally knocks his phone
off the hook. This is quite clear. We then cut to the next room, where the
phone rings. Corey Haim picks it up, and begins to talk only to have Patric
talk on his phone. How could the phone ring? Wouldn't it have been a busy
signal?

THE LOST BOYS
  There are two or three scenes where the camera simulates the vampires
flying into and out of their lair. One of the scenes is clearly just the
previous one played backwards (as the camera flies over the ocean, the
waves head out to sea.)

THE MALTESE FALCON
  There's a fire on a boat (La Paloma) in the port of San Francisco. The
firefighters have Los Angeles Fire Department uniforms on.

MARKED FOR DEATH
  There is a scene where Steven Segal is sitting in a truck parked next to
the curb, watching some bad guys in a black four-door. The street is
covered with leaves. Later when he starts up the truck and drives toward
the bad guys' car, the street is clean with barely any leaves on it.

MERMAIDS
  Bob Hoskins' character discusses how "AstroTurf" will ruin baseball. The
movie is set in 1963, and AstroTurf was not introduced until 1967 or so.

MIDNIGHT EXPRESS
  There is a shot of one of the walls to the prison, from the outside.
There is a path that starts at the lower left of the wall and goes to the
right, climbing. Along the bottom of the wall there are a few scraggly
trees. The protagonist (or someone) goes running up the path, from left to
right. Your attention is meant to be focused on him, but if you watch the
bottom of the screen, you will see the boomman running in time with the
actor, sticking his microphone in the general direction of the action.

MIDNIGHT EXPRESS
  In the scene where Hayes is alone in the "wheel room", the boom mike is
plainly visible. This is not one of those times where it simply "dips" down
from above. In this scene, you can see the entire rig.

NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN (JAMES BOND)
  There is a scene where Bond and Felix swim across to have a look at the
villain's yacht. When Bond first gets into the water he has no head mask
with his scuba diving suit, but when he exits, he is seen taking it off.
Maybe somebody forgot about Connery's toupee.

THE NEVER ENDING STORY
  Atreyu is washed up on a beach, face down. He raises his head, looks
around, then stands up. During this movement, there is a cut from a tight
to a wide shot. In the tight shot, Atreyu's chest is covered with sand. In
the wide shot his chest is clean.

THE NEVER ENDING STORY
  Hathaway has just left Rockbiter. We see him (from above) walking towards
that building on top of the hill. All around him there are the remains of
the devastated city. On his right there are some rocks strewn about.
Suddenly the ground opens up. The camera switches to a ground-level shot.
On his right there is now a "wall" of rocks (extending way up into the
air). The camera now switches back to an aerial shot. The wall is gone and
the "strewn about" rocks are back. Looks like the matte painters and set
designers didn't agree on this one.

THE NEVER ENDING STORY
  (38:19 into the movie) You can play "spot the stuntman" with this scene.
If you can single-frame the film, go about 9 frames in to this "second",
and there is a full-face image of the stuntman just before he falls from
the tree.

THE NEVER ENDING STORY
  Watch the bottom of the asteroid flying by. Its support pole apparently
gets in the way as the asteroid rotates and ends up "masking" a vertical
section of the asteroid.

NIGHT OF THE IGUANA
  Richard Burton actually gets hit in the head by a friendly boom mike in
one scene.

NINJA III (THE DOMINATION)
  At one point, the ninja is standing on top of a police car. He then stabs
on policeman through the top of the car and punches the other, also through
the top of the car. This makes two large holes in the roof which magically
are no longer there in the next shot when the car goes into a lake.

NORTH AND SOUTH
  In one battle scene, the camera pans across the battlefield and gets a
shot of another camera filming away.

NORTH BY NORTHWEST
  There is a scene in a cafe where Cary Grant is approached by Eva Marie
Saint. They talk and she draws a gun and shoots him. Before she does,
however, there is a shot of a crowd scene. Included is a little boy (who
was obviously at the scene rehearsal) putting his fingers in his ears.

AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN
  In the fight at the end of the film, Lou Gosset throws a punch that
Richard Gere blocks. Gere then grabs Gosset's arm. If you single step this
scene, you can see that in one shot, Gere is holding Gosset by the wrist,
and in the next frame (from a different angle) he is holding him near his
elbow.

ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST
  As Jack Nicholson is strangling Nurse Ratchet, his cap falls off and is
surprisingly back on his head seconds later.

ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST
  There are two or three scenes of a black mike standing out against the
white ceiling.

OPERATION PETTICOAT
  At the end of the movie, as Cary Grant is coming off the gangplank from
the submarine, Tony Curtis's character's kids actually call him Mr. Grant
rather than Admiral Whatever.

OUT OF AFRICA
  What about all those sound booms in 'Out of Africa'? What kind of African
plant has mikes as its fruit?

OUTLAND
  Sean Connery is involved in one of those fights where they are outside
with spacesuits on. As he is struggling, you can clearly see his bare arm
where the sleeve of the spacesuit is supposed to be attached to the glove.
Considering the way people are blowing up whenever they are exposed to
space elsewhere in the film, this probably wasn't intended.

OUTLAND
  At one point Connery gets a bad guy cornered and "interrogates" him with
his custom shotgun. Both men are approx. 4 meters apart and still Sean
manages to miss the baddie twice.

PARENTHOOD
  During the scene where Jason Robards talks to his wayward son in the
garage in front of his prized green car, the entire film crew is visible in
the reflection of the car.

PARENTHOOD
  The horse that the kids ride is a docile looking, skinny chestnut colored
horse. Then Steve Martin gets on the horse and rides him down the street
and attempts to jump him over a hedge - the horse is now bay colored, and
has a lot more energy.

PEE WEE'S BIG ADVENTURE
  When Pee Wee is chaining his bike up next to the clown (outside the bike-
store), he opens up a small "basket" on his bike to pull out the chain. Of
course, he pulls out about 75 feet of chain. However the joke is spoiled
when, in the "wide view" shot, it is clearly seen that the basket has a
hole in it. Looking at the bottom-right of the screen, one can see the
chain going up through the hole in the basket, through the basket and being
pulled by PW.

PET SEMATARY
  While daddy Dale Midkeff kneels by his son's grave, the nearby flowers
change from purple to yellow.

PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE
  The grass wrinkles.

PORKY'S II
  Set in the 50's, the movie poster showed a cheerleader wearing Nikes.

PRESUMED INNOCENT
  Check out the tape recorder shoved into one character's face. There is no
tape in it, and he talks into the empty recorder.

PRETTY WOMAN
  On the movie poster, Gere's hair is brown. In the movie it's grey.

PRETTY WOMAN
  While they are having breakfast, watch the donut/roll/pancake Julia
Roberts is eating. It keeps switching.

PRETTY WOMAN
  In the scene where Gere and Roberts are dining with Ralph Bellamy, the
meals they have in front of them chop 'n change.

PRETTY WOMAN
  Julia Roberts starts undressing Richard Gere; Gere's tie and collar go
from being untied and unbuttoned to being tied and buttoned, then back
again, all in a matter of seconds.

PRETTY WOMAN
  Julia Roberts takes off Richard Gere's shoes and socks. A few seconds
later they are magically back on his feet again.

THE PRINCESS BRIDE
  In the beginning when the grandfather arrives with the book. He opens the
book, the camera angle switches, and the book is closed and gets opened a
second time.

THE PRIZE
  Watch Paul Newman's hands when he jumps to the cargo net on the ship; you
can see a pair of gloves briefly appear when his hand reaches for the
railing, and just as quickly disappear as he swings over.

RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK
  In the scene where Indy and Marion emerge from their entombment in the
crypt after crashing through a wall with a statue. Indy pushes a massive
stone block out of the outside wall - and you can see from the block's
shadow that when it hits the ground, it bounces!

RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK
  In the same scene, I noticed that when Indy and Marion run down the slope
from the wall, there is an unconscious man sitting under the hole left by
the rock. His presence is left unexplained (or is it an intentional joke?).

RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK
  Note the tell-tale reflection of the glass pane that keeps Harrison Ford
safe during his tete-a-tete with the cobra.

RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK
  Indy goes to Marion's bar to get the medallion. She tells him to get
lost. After he leaves she sits down an pulls the medallion, which she is
wearing on a chain around her neck, out of her blouse. Straight-on shot of
Meriam looking at the medallion with the chain still around her neck. Cut
to a profile shot where she is still looking at the medallion and the chain
is no longer around her neck.

ROBOCOP
  When the disgruntled ex-city official is blasted out of the window of
City Hall, he falls out of the screen. During the replay of the scene for
the "news" immediately afterward, the stunt man's feet are seen popping up
into view as he bounces on the padding and rolls to take the impact.

ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW
  In the scene where Brad and Janet are being undressed, Brad's sweater is
removed and his shirt is already unbuttoned. Later Riff Raff walks by, and
then Magenta unbuttons it.

ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW
  During the Time Warp, one of the Transylvanians hands another an hors
d'ouevres tray, and then immediately has it back in his hands again.

ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW
  During "Dammit, Janet", Janet drops her purse in back of her. Later in
the scene, when she bends down to get the ring, it is in front of her.

ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW
  Frank does not hit Eddie with the pick until he is well within the
freezer, but when he emerges, there is a long trail of blood leading into
it.

ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW
  At the end of the movie, Brad and Janet carry Dr. Scott out of the
castle: no wheelchair. But later, as the scene begins to spin, you can see
Dr. Scott lying on the ground next to his crushed wheelchair!

SCARFACE
  Set in 1980, the movie includes a billboard for a 1984 Corvette and a
vending machine for USA Today, which began in 1982.

SEE NO EVIL/HEAR NO EVIL
  Pryor & Wilder are on the run from the police. They ditch their stolen
police car in a muddy bog. Their clothes end up being covered in mud. In
next scene, they show up squeaky clean.

THE SHINING
  During the opening with the aerial view of the car climbing up the lonely
mountain road, the shadow of the helicopter is visible for more than just
brief moment.

THE SHINING
  Jack Nicholson hacks through one of two thin panels in a bathroom door.
In a later scene, you can clearly see that both panels have been hacked
through.

A SHOCK TO THE SYSTEM
  A detective questions Michael Caine's secretary and writes down his
telephone number on a piece of notepad paper for her. Later, when she
decides to call him, she has his business card.

THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS
  When Jodie Foster goes into the first girl's room, her father says that
the room has been left the way it was when she died. But, there's a Debbie
Harry "Def, Dumb & Blonde" poster on the wall. That album was released in
1989, 3 years after the girl died.

THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS
  When we first see Dr. Lector in the "courthouse cage", we hear his
cassette player playing. The tape wheels on the cassette are not turning.

SILENT RUNNING
  Someone hits Bruce Dern's left leg with a shovel. Later, his right leg is
the one that is injured.

SPLASH
  When the mermaid (Daryl Hannah) steps on land for the first time, she is
supposed to be totally nude. The director tries to convey her nudity
without actually showing her nude body thus As she walks towards that
crowd, the camera alternates between her bare back (waist upwards) and her
bare legs. Except that in the first shot, you can see Hannah wearing blue
jeans! And in the second, she is wearing a long shirt!

SPLASH
  There is a scene where Tom Hanks has the lid off the outboard motor while
he is trying to start it. The motor starts suddenly, throwing him
overboard. The next shot has the boat spinning around with the lid
magically back on the motor.

STAR TREK II
  The bloodstain on Kirk's uniform (from Scotty's dying relative) changes
size & position.

STAR TREK IV
  In the dinner scene, the candle in the middle of the table changes
position all the time.

STAR WARS
  In the scene where the heroes are being interrogated by the stormtroopers
(after entering a spaceport), the position and number of stormtroopers
varies from shot to shot.

STAR WARS
  When the stormtroopers break into the control room, one of them bangs his
head on the door.

STAR WARS
  In the trash compactor, Carrie Fisher is anticipating her cue by getting
ready to lift the bar before the compactor begins to close (a good second
or two.)

STAR WARS
  The scene where Luke is on the ground in the snow, when all the AT-ATs
are moving in, he turns his head out of sync with a 'plane' flying overhead
that he sees.

STAR WARS
  After Luke destroys the Death Star and lands, Leah runs up to him yelling
"Luke!". Luke's response is "Carrie!" (as in Carrie Fisher).

STRIPES
  During the part of the film where Harold Ramis stops Bill Murray from
deserting, there is a "goof". From one angle, while Murray is laying on the
ground with Ramis on top of him, Murray has his pack under his head, while
in another angle, it is to his side.

THREE MEN AND A BABY
  About 60 mins into the movie, Ted Danson is showing off the baby to his
mother. The camera pans across a window, and the shape of a little boy is
visible in the window.

THRILLER (MICHAEL JACKSON)
  As he's walking with his girlfriend and singing (after they leave the
movie house) you'll see the shadow of the camera cart in view.

TIME BANDITS
  The scene where the bandits are trapped in the cage by "Evil" over what
appears to be a bottomless chasm. They make their escape by cutting small
strips of rope off of the support rope and making a long rope from the
fragments. Then, one of the bandits is lowered out of the cage and is swung
up to the next cage. During the scene where they are trying to get the
swing high enough for the guy on the end of the rope to grab ahold of the
other cage, you can easily see the floor of whatever set they are on. The
bandit appears to be only a few feet off the floor.

TOP GUN
  At the end of the movie when Maverick lands on the deck after shooting
down all the baddies, Slider (Iceman's partner) picks Maverick up sort of
bear hug style. Well before he picks him up Maverick doesn't have his
sunglasses on, but when he has been lifted up they have magically appeared
on his face.

THE TOWN THAT DREADED SUNDOWN
  Near the end of the movie, during the climactic chase on foot, the killer
manages to run in front of a freight train and put it between himself and
his pursuers. A long shot shows train and characters running and then close
shots from the train show the characters running along side. In the long
shot, the camera used in the close shots (and the camera man) can be seen
on a flatcar.

TOTAL RECALL
  In the 'elevator' scene, Richter and his men are running to the
elevator... past a blue screen.

TOTAL RECALL
  Just after Arnie has killed his first four he goes back to his apartment
and talks to his wife. He places both hands on either side of her head and
pretty much immediately afterwards he shows her his blood covered hands.
She doesn't of course have any blood on her face!

TREMORS
  As the camera is panning up the side of Michael Gross' and Reba
McIntyre's "fortress", it goes past a window. In the window you can make
out a reflection of some guy standing on the ground nearby wearing a red
hat and white shorts.

TREMORS
  (Near the end of the movie) As one of the brave men makes a run for it,
you can see the ground beneath his feet wobble as if he had run across a
ditch covered by a piece of plywood. Oops, now we know how they did the
mechanical effects for the underground monsters!

TRUE STORIES
  David Byrne is cruising around in his jumbo red convertible. His rearview
mirror is present in the interior shots but removed for shots through the
windshield. (Very common in movie scenes where a car is driven.)

TWINS
  During a conversation between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito in a
bar restroom, a bottle of beer shifts from one towel dispenser to another.

THE TWO JAKES
  Although the film is set in 1948, Jack Nicholson strolls past an
automatic teller machine.

THE UNTOUCHABLES
  When Sean Connery is talking to Kevin Costner in his (Connery's) room,
Connery's shirt collar alternates between being buttoned and and unbuttoned
in the several shots of that scene.

THE UNTOUCHABLES
  When the knife-man is sneaking into Sean Connery's apartment, there is a
POV shot as the camera approaches a window. The camera and cameraman are
clearly reflected in the window. (He is wearing a white shirt and a red
cap, as I recall.)

WALL STREET
  There's a scene where Michael Douglas is walking around in Charlie
Sheen's apartment giving a speech to Martin Sheen. It's dark outside, and
the boom mike is clearly visible in the window following him around.

WAR GAMES
  The General yells "Send out the F-15's", and footage shows F-16's taking
off.

WEEKEND AT BERNIE'S
  In one of the scenes where the two guys are trying to deal with Bernie's
corpse inside his house, Jonathan Silverman is alternately barefooted and
wearing shoes every 2 seconds, as we switch from medium to long shot.

WHEN HARRY MET SALLY
  Billy Crystal spits the seeds on the window and then says, "I'll open the
window." The next shot shows the outside of the car driving on the highway,
Billy's window is closed.

THE WIZARD OF OZ
  In the wonderful dance scene where Dorothy meets the Scarecrow, you will
notice her hair length change quite a few times.

XANADU
  An early scene in the movie has Gene Kelly at the beach sitting on a
rock, playing his clarinet, as the sun rises over the Pacific Ocean.

YANKEE DOODLE DANDY
  A classic "boom shot" sequence occurs in the middle of "Yankee Doodle
Dandy". George M. Cohan (James Cagney) is walking along a street scene,
having a conversation. The camera is following him, when the shadow of the
boom assembly sweeps across the shot.

ZULU
  In this reenactment of the 1879 stand at Rorke's Drift, several of the
Zulu warriors are wearing the wristwatches they had been paid with.

ZULU
  In this reenactment of the 1879 stand at Rorke's Drift, several of the
Zulu warriors are wearing the wristwatches they had been paid with.

