                        MafiaDoor Player Instructions
                        -----------------------------

*** Note: ANSI is required to play.

So, you want to become a big name in the underworld? Well, read on.

Please read or buffer this entire file, it contains important information
needed to play. If you don't, you will probably wind up on the bottom of
the river. You have been warned!

First, the conditions required to win are set by your sysop. This may
be anything he wishes, but I recommend that the first player to get
5000 (or whatever) blocks win. The sysop should then reset the game to
start over.

After the initial title screen, if you are new to the game, you will be
asked what you want to be called. Type in whatever you want for a handle
in the game, up to 25 characters. If you are not new to the game, you will
be told what has happened to you since your last call.

You should see the main display, which shows your current status.
This display is updated as you play. When this display is updated, green
is used if the change is positive, red if it is negative. Learing how what
you do affects the values on the display is crucial to staying out of the
river.

Two items on the display, Popularity and Fear, have a large influence
on what effect some of your actions have. Try to keep these as high as
possible.

If you have no blocks, fear, or enforcers at this point, you wind up
dead! Make sure you don't run out of any of these.

Next you are told if the cops busted any of your people, and if so, how
many. You have to bribe the cops (new players are exempt for a few turns)
to keep them away form your territory (more on this later).

The income display shows where your money came from this turn. See below
for more on this.

After the income display, a number of things may (or may not) happen
depending on your current status, or at random times.

Now you have to pay your people. Under paying them can drive some of them
away, over paying will get them to work a little harder. For the first few
turns, accept the default values (press return at the prompts). Otherwise
you could have cash flow problems. If during the game you find yourself
stuck with more employees than you can afford, paying them less is a good
way to trim down your organization.

The fee you charge for protection (which all of your controlled blocks
must pay) affects your popularity, but it is a steady source of income.

The cops will want $200 for every block you control. If you don't pay
them, they will hastle and arrest your people. The money you pay now is
for NEXT turn, not this one. So if you plan to buy or capture territory,
be sure to pay the cops enough extra ahead of time.

Bribing the mayor can help you during investigations, in court, with deals,
or with other things. If your account with the mayor is low, don't expect
any help from him when you need it.

The newspaper will let you read everything that happened today or
since the start of the game. Or you may read only those events that
concern you.

After reading the newspaper, if you are not in jail, you may visit your
office, make some deals, or conduct operations. If you are in jail, your
options are somewhat limited. You may have to go to court at this point
too....


--------------------------- Office Menu -------------------------------

The office menu is lets you buy up empty blocks (the price increases
as your territory grows), hire employees, and loan or collect money.

The things you can do are as follows:

Move into empty territory -
   This lets you take over unclaimed blocks to
   add to your territory. The cost depends on the size or your current
   territory. You need to balance the number of blocks you control with
   the number of employees you have.
Hire Enforcers -
   Enforcers maintain control over your territory. They
   supervise your other employees, attack other bosses, etc. If you have
   too few enforcers, they will not be able to supervise your all of
   your territory or employees. You should usually keep between three
   and 5 enforcers per block.
Hire Bookies -
   Bookies run your gambling operations, an important source
   of income. Each block can support one or two bookies.
Hire Hookers -
   Hookers are another important source of income. Each
   block can support up to 6 hookers, but that is crowding it.
Hire Drug Dealers -
   Each block can support one or two drug dealers.
   They are another part of your income.
Loan/Collect Money -
   Money loaned collects interest, at an inflated rate.
   How much is collected in interest depends a lot on your fear.
   You may collect on your loans only once per turn, and only up to
   10% of what you have loaned.
Buy Legal Business - 
   Legal Business can add to your income, depending on your popularity.
Quit -
   Next Menu


----------------------------- Deals Menu ----------------------------------

You cannot access the deals menu if you are still under protection. This
is because you haven't made a name for yourself yet.

From the deals menu, you can view info you have on other dons, hire a PI to
dig up info on other dons, frame another don, send mail to another don, ask
the mayor to start an investigation, rat on another don, or quit the
deals menu.

List Other Dons -
   This provides the same list you get when you pick a
   don to do something to. It is provided so you can see what evidence
   you have on who.
Hire PI - 
   A private investigator may be able to get evidence and other
   info on other dons. Then again, he might fail.
Frame Other Don -
   If this works, the don you wish to frame will have to go
   to court. However, since he was framed, he probably won't be found
   guilty.
Send Message To Other Don -
   This will let you enter up to 5 lines of text to send to another don.
   Press return at the end of each line, and hit return on a blank line
   to exit.
Ask Mayor To Investigate Other Don - 
   If successful, an investigation will be started into the activities
   of the other don. You must have evidence against the other don to
   use this (Hire A PI to get evidence). Note that trying to start 
   investigations will not help your popularity. You should have a good
   account with the mayor to use this.
Rat On Other Don -
   If successful, the other don will be charged with a crime of which
   he is guilty. You must have a good account with the mayor, and evidence
   against the other don to use this. This has DRASTIC effects on your
   popularity, since nobody likes a rat. This also affects your fear, since
   mafia dons should take care of their own problems.
Quit Deals -
   Quits the deals menu.


-------------------------- Operations Menu -------------------------------

The operations menu is where you attack and otherwise annoy other dons.
Using any of the options on this menu (except Quit) will void any
protection you have left. You may only do one thing per turn that is
on this menu.

Attack Territory -
   This option lets you try to steal blocks from another don. Your
   enforcers will want a bonus for this!  Usually, the don with the
   most enforcers will win, but there is an element of random chance,
   so sometimes even a weak don can defeat a strong one.
Bomb Territory -
   This lets you fire bomb another territory. If successful, the other
   don will lose blocks (but you will not gain them).
Put Out Contract -
   This expensive option lets you try to have another don bumbed off.
   If you are weak, chances of success are poor, but it is possible.
   If you succeed, the other don will be killed.
Rob Loan Sharks -
   This lets you attempt to steal money from the other dons loan sharks.
Beat Up Hookers -
   If this succeeds, some of the other dons hookers will leave.
Poison Drugs -
   If this succeeds, some of the other dons drug dealers will die
   of drug poisoning.
Steal Cash -
   If this succeeds, you will get a portion of the other
   dons cash.
Do Nothing -
   Select this if you don't want to do anything.

Note that the outcome of all of the above can have effects on your
current status, especially your fear.


----------------------------- Court Menus ---------------------------------

If you are charged with a offence, you will wind up on the court menu.

First, select a lawyer. Higher priced lawyers have a better chance of
getting you off, depending on what strategy you use.

Next, enter a plea. It isn't too hard to pick the right plea!

Now select a strategy. Your strategy, in combination with your fear,
popularity, bribes to the mayor, etc will have a large affect on the
outcome of your trial. Note that if you really are not guilty (you were
framed by another player) then you will probably be found not guilty.
Even if you really are innocent, telling the truth is usually a bad idea.

You are now informed of the outcome of your trial. If you are not guilty,
you are sent back to the regular menus.

If you are found guilty, then you are sentanced and fined. Off to jail
you go!


------------------------------- Jail Menu --------------------------------

If you are in jail, then you will see the jail menu instead of the office,
deals, and operations menus. Your territory will also suffer!

Appeal Conviction -
   If you have enough on account with the mayor, he may be able to get
   you a new trial.
Apply For Parole -
   If you are popular, they might grant you parole.
Put Out Contract -
   Try to have another don bumbed off. You might want to try this if
   you are in jail because someone ratted on you!
Attempt Escape -
   You have a fair chance of escaping if you give the guards enough.
Organize Prison Revolt -
   This won't get you out, but will help your fear level. If you are in
   jail, then your fear level probably needs help.


----------------------- Additional Notes And Hints ------------------------

Don't spend too much money right away. You will get into trouble if
you run out of cash.

If you have too many employees, the excess will not earn you any money,
but they still want to be paid.

If your enforcers start bashing heads, you probably have too many.

If your enforcers can't keep your territory under control, you probably
have too few.

Too many of a type of employee can lead to investigations.

There is penalty in the game if you drop the carrier or run out of
time while online! If you mess up during your turn, dropping the carrier
won't put you back to your previous status, it will only make things worse!

Your turns are per 24 hours, not per day. So you can't use all of your
turns at 11:00 PM, then call back at 1:00 AM and play again. You would
have to wait until 11:00 PM the next day.

Sysops: Don't bother playing with the system time to get more turns. It
won't do you any good!

Well, that is about all I am going to say since I am tired of typing, and
besides, you probably didn't read this far into the instructions anyway.
You will have to learn the rest on your own!

