If you wish to support conversions of whatever special characters used in
your language between ISO and any other character set than IBM (the IBM
conversion should be complete), such as various 7-bit character sets, you
can make your own character sets using the MCS (MakeCharSet) program by
first creating an ASCII file containing the name of the character set on
the first line (the name of the character set file will be this with .DAT
appended), the extension for SendMenu on the second line, and after this
the conversion values to ISO (if you wish to use something else as your
internal character set, you will have to make all of the conversion tables
yourself), the conversion from ISO is done for you by MCS (note that if you
convert several characters to the same ISO character, the ISO character
will be converted to the first one of these).  After this you just have to
run MCS with the name of this ASCII file as an argument, and copy the
resulting .DAT-file to your CharSet/ directory.

If you make any useful (commonly used in some country) character sets,
please send them (preferably the source-files) to me and I will include
them in a future distribution.

The "sources" for the character sets in the CharSet/ of the distribution
archive are included.

 - ISO is a dummy character set, everything is converted to itself.

 - IBM should convert all the characters that have ISO equivalents
correctly, if something is converted incorrectly, please tell me.

 - SF7 converts the 7-bit finnish (probably identical to the swedish?)
character set to ISO, the following characters are converted:

{ (123) <-> (228) ä
| (124) <-> (246) ö
} (125) <-> (229) å
[  (91) <-> (196) Ä
\  (92) <-> (214) Ö
]  (93) <-> (197) Å

Any characters above 127 are stripped (converted to 0).

 - ISOSF7 converts the same characters as SF7 but it doesn't strip
characters above 127 (it leaves them as they are).

 - IBMSF7 converts the same characters as SF7 and also the IBM characters.

Note:  The hardest part of character set conversions is to get your users
to select the character set they are actually using...
