
                        -=> Hacker v4.5C <=-
                      Update By Joseph Barrero
                         Aka : Diamond Back
                     FLIPSIDE BBS (305)596-6711

History:

   I did not write any of the previous versions of this program before
version 4.5 nor do I wish to take credit for them.  I simply expanded
on them.  I would however like to thank Patrick Baker for the original
idea and program, version 2.5, and Bob Maple for producing version 4.0
of the program.

Disclaimer:

   This program is distributed for the use of REGISTERED C-NET SYSOPS.  I
do not take any responcibility for the use or misuse of the program as I
do not take any responcibility for any damage which may have been caused by
this program.  I'm not saying that this program will damage anything,
however, I do not want to be blamed for freak accidents in which this
program, or any other program, is associated to.
   Also, there is no way of possibly knowing if anyone has tampered with
with this program unless you look through all the code included within this
package.  So please use it at your own risk and I suggest running it
with the MCI Environment set to 8.

Important Note:

   I've spoken to Bob Maple and so long as it is understood that he does
not have anything to do with any version above 4.0, this file maybe
distributed as is.
   Since the changes from 2.5 to 4.0 were so large I decided to provide you
with the 4.0 information as well.  Please read those files which I've
placed within the sub-directory 'Hacker/Docs4.0'.

   Also, please distribute this file as you got it; complete.

Update:

*The first release of Hacker4.5 had a few minor bugs which I hadn't seen
 until after I distributed it.  This version SHOULD work flawlessly.  Of
 course, if anything does go wrong, you know how to get in touch with me.

 1) The player may now exit the game with x amount of turns left and
    play again within the same day and keep the same amount of turns left.
 2) The program now knows when a player has played his maximum turns for
    one day.  If the player has played all of his turns, the program
    will inform the player to try again tommorrow and take him back to
    the prompt in which the game was loaded from.
    NOTE: I have set the maximum amount of turns to 30.  However, Access
    level 23 will not be affected by this.
 3) I have included an Add command within the Dial prompt.  This will
    allow you to add any new listings for either the Local Numbers, The
    MainFrame Numbers, the Gov't Numbers, and the Wardialer numbers.
    NOTE: Do not set the Megs over 999.  I did figure out a way to get
    a pseudo-random number greater than 999 but it's even pseudo'r than
    the random command itself.  I did not incorporate it into this version
    simply because it takes to long to become powerful enough to hack out
    999 megs.
 4) There is finally an end to this game.  The object is to beat the
    HAA computer; which is randomly generated every time someone wins.
    The number to the Hackers Assoc. of America computer can only be
    gotten though the wardialer thus making winning a bit harder.
    Once a player beats the HAA computer his name will be added to the
    winners file which is displayed at the beginning of the game.  However
    this file will not be created until at least one person wins.
    You will recieve a message in your log file informing you of when
    someone wins and the player files will be deleted.
 5) I added a wardialer to the game.  I feel no 'Hacker' would what to
    be without one.  I added this option as part of the HAA.  When
    a player uses the wardialer, the player will receive a list of
    phonenumbers the wardialer has found.  When these phonenumbers are
    hacked through the TERM command, the player will receive twice the
    amount of experience points he normally would have from hacking a
    regular board.  The trade off is that the user must pay to use the
    wardialer and he must keep a list of the numbers he's found for
    himself.  NOTE: The number to the HAA computer can only be found
    through the use of the Wardial thus making the wardialer an essential
    part of the game.  Players with an access of 23 do not get charged
    for the Wardialer and may do a CHECK command to get instant results
    without having to run the Wardialer.
 6) Options such as the Check and Add commands which are strictly for
    the Sysop, or users with access 23, are not shown in the menus for
    other players to see.
 7) I've added a scan option to show a list of users which are not 'Trashed'
    and thus may be hacked.  This also will cost the player money if he
    does not have access 23.

---Hacker 4.5b  Changes--

    * I fixed some of the bugs that v4.5 had.  Nothing else.

---Hacker 4.5c  Changes---

 8) I've fixed the level conversions and I've added upto 60 levels.  This
    is enough to win the game.
 9) I've optimised the code some.  The main file is smaller than what it
    used to be, but, it now interprets alot more external files.
10) There is finally a maintenance for the game.  To have Hacker45.Maint
    run automatically during your AMAINT, just modify a line 357 in your
    BBSTEXT (The line number maybe different in Cnet versions other than
    1.92o or 1.92r.  If so, then just find the line that says Amaint
    Running...).  My BBSTEXT line reads...
    \f1\#1pfiles:hacker45.maint\\n6Amaint running...\n2\n1
    The maintenance will weed out any players who haven't played in
    fourteen days.  This can be modified by you if you wish.  Just enter
    the amount of days a user can go with out playing before he's cut off.

    * The Hacker45.Maint program may not work with your current players.
      This is due to the fact that I used the YYYYMMDD format for the second
      date statistic on the player file.  If you understand what I mean and
      wish to change it, go for it.  However, I do suggest that you start
      over.

    * Also, there have been alot of changes made since my last two releases
      of this program.  The changes are within the programming itself and
      the polishing up of the game.  I plan to keep repolishing the code
      as I get the time to, but, the game is running alot quicker and a bit
      more efficiently than the last versions.

   ** If you do plan on modifing the program, I sure hope you know what
      you're doing and I wish you the best of luck. Just keep in mind
      that the external files may be depend on some of the routines already
      within the program.  I've also packed the program which makes the
      code practically unreadable. However, packing the file makes the
      program run ALOT faster than it usually does and saves some memory.
      If you'd like a copy of the legible code, then just let me know and
      I'll probably let you have a copy.

   ** If you want to put Hacker into a sub-directory other than PFILES: you
      must remember to change the "Save" path in the following files...
       Pfiles:Hacker4.5,
       Pfiles:Hacker45.Maint,
       Pfiles:Hacker/Misc/Rxx.Maint

      ie: If you want to place it in the sub-directory GAMES, then the path
      within the above mentioned files should look like this...

                    save = "pfiles:Games/Hacker/"

This version should not take up too much more memory than the previous 4.0
version since I tried to use the varibles which had been declared in 4.0.  I
don't think I've left anything out, however, if I did, well, I'm sorry.

If you have any trouble setting this program up, it frequently crashes, you
want a new update, you want to send me a new update, you want to send me
money(Hehehe), you want to send me any pfiles, or if you just want to be
social, then give me a call on the FLIPSIDE, (305) 596-6711.

I may also be contacted on future world as DIAMOND BACK, but, since it's long
distance from where I live, Miami (Dangerous, too hot, & overcrowed) Florida,
it may be a while before I read your message.

Enjoy!
