


                             An introduction to...

                   U S E R S   S T A N D A R D S   G R O U P

                            (The what, why and hows)

                            Version 1.04, release 1
                                Updated 10/3/95



    · What is USG?

     USG is a non-profit organisation of users who are willing to support
    and aid in the development of quality software and standards.  As such,
    USG and USGNet will help developers with ideas to make their product
    appear.  USG will help with suggestions, tips, technical details, as
    well as provide betatesters for these products.  Developers connected
    to USGNet will also find it useful to set up their own echo, which will
    provide them with even more help in finding the "right way" for their
    software/standard.  USGNet is explained in more detail in its own,
    soon to be released, introduction-text.


    · What are the goals with USG?

     USG's goal is to provide a stable base for developers to get their
    products tested and to provide the end-user with a simple way to let the
    developer know what they think of their product.  USG will also help
    developers to find betatesters for their product.  USG will also support
    developers as a sort of quality-assurance.


    · Why USG?

     Well, that is up to you.  If you have ever developed something, you
    might know the amount of work involved.  If you also have been
    betatesting it, you'll know that there is always one more bug.  USG will
    not do all the work for you, but should provide you with enough
    suggestions and tips to make it easier from the start.


    · Why should you join USG?

     As a developer, to get access to a wide variety of people as
    betatesters or for suggestions can provide invaluable information for
    further development.

     As a user, you should join USG to support the development of quality
    software and quality standards.  As a user, you can also take active
    part in the development of said software and standards.  As a
    betatester, or just by suggesting things.

     As a member of USG, your knowledge, thoughts and opinions can provide
    invaluable help for others, which is one of the goals with USG.


    · How does USG work?

     USG as an organisation works by the rule that everyone is equal.  Major
    changes regarding USG will be a matter for all members.  For single
    developers, they will still have full control of their product.  USG
    will serve as a support organisation for the product, if the developer
    wishes it.

     Practically, most contact is through USGNet, FidoNet or InterNet.
    USGNet, which is the core of the developer support, is available to
    anyone, not just USG members.  But, to get full support and use of USG
    you will still have to become a member.  USGNet is a growing net, but
    will try to be somewhat faster than existing nets, mainly by not
    concerning itself with non-development topics.  For more information on
    USGNet, see the 'Introduction to USGNet' text.


    · How do you join USG?

     First of all, joining USG is completely free of charge, and there is
    no reason to change this policy.  As a member of USG, you are not
    required to do anything, so those who just feels that they want to
    support the idea should not be disencouraged.  Also, USG allows entire
    development teams to join.  To join USG, fill in the following
    information;

        Name        - First and last name, or name of development team
        Address     - Withheld from the public eye on request
        Country     - Your country
        Born        - Date of birth, optional
        E-mail      - Any E-mail and/or netaddresses you have
        System      - Platform and system you use
        Products    - Information on any products you are developing

     Also, let us know if you are a developer, if you want to take active
    part in development, or if you are just supporting USG.

     If you are interested in becoming a betatester, enclose full details on
    your system setup and software.


     Send your membership info to;

        Peter Bornhall                   2:203/623.5@fidonet
        Bäck 5                           8:101/100.3@usgnet
        S-46598 NOSSEBRO                39:160/307.3@amiganet
        SWEDEN

        E-mail:  peter.bornhall@jam.ct.se

