              ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
              ³-X-      HISTORY OF IRONGATE        -X-³  Page 1 of 2
              ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

   Drakons' battles and adventures in the dungeons of Milina were more
than just rumors with the people they were fact, and he was quickly becoming
a legend. Even the barbarians of the northern mountain range had heard the
stories and they respected and admired him greatly. It was destined that
this would be the man to single-handedly gather all the (self-proclaimed)
rulers, kings and leaders to one meeting place.

   Persuasive he was in convincing all that a world as great as Irongate
needed one single ruler and King (one and the same) to set down the
guidelines and to establish Irongate as a single kingdom. Of course all the
current rulers agreed and furthermore they all volunteered for this perilous
position, but they knew only one could be it and the decision alone could
start a war.

   Drakon was quick with a plan to find the right man, "A Quest" he said
one that would need all the strength, courage and wit a person could master.
He was right and all presented their ideas as they established the rules
and guidelines for the mission.
              ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
              ³-X-      HISTORY OF IRONGATE        -X-³  Page 2 of 2
              ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

   The Quest was more than a challenge, it was a contest to the death for a
position of great wealth and power. Few were cowardly enough to say no to
this for all wanted to be king.

   The rules of the contest were simple, all are welcome to participate
and must sign in blood that they will not cease til they accomplish the
quest else be considered a failure and fraud. For honor and respect were
to be the most important trait in becoming a king and to fail in this would
be a disgrace.

   YOU are a challenger in this quest for lordship! and have been placed
in the dungeon of Milina. You must piece together the evidence before you
and return with the artifacts intact. Unfortunately, this quest, as well as
the artifacts, are but riddles to be solved in time. Good luck...

