                   What's this VBBS thing anyways?

                        Updated:  19-July-92
                          Stephen Vermeulen
                        Voice: (403) 282-7990

Current Status:

   VBBS is in the Beta stage of developement, it is likely that this
   will last until about September 1992.  While VBBS is in this state
   you may obtain a copy for $50.00 (if outside Canada use USA funds)
   by writing to:

               Stephen Vermeulen
               1206 - 3500 Varsity Dr. N.W.
               Calgary, Alberta,
               CANADA, T2L 1Y3

   once you have registered you may get upgrades at any time by
   downloading them from the closed area on my BBS (a VBBS system
   of course) or for $5.00 per disk (you can pre-order a number
   of upgrades if you want).  New versions appear about once
   every 4-6 weeks.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

What is this VBBS thing anyways?


VBBS is a new bulletin board system for the Amiga, it is a commercial
product available directly from the author.

TERM is the terminal program that is required to make use of the
special multi-tasking features of VBBS.  TERM is a Copyrighted
product, but is freely distributable.  A printed manual (about 70
pages) for TERM (along with a copy of the latest version of TERM) is
available from the author for US$15.00 (CDN$15.00 within Canada). All
registered VBBS Sysops get a license to print copies of the TERM
manual for their users or can buy finished copies at a substantial
discount.


What is so unique about VBBS/TERM?

The VBBS/TERM product allows the user to do several things at once
while he is on the BBS.  This is what is meant by saying VBBS is a
multitasking BBS.  For example the user might be in the conference
talking to other users while he is also uploading a file and
downloading new messages.

The VBBS/TERM product provides the user with a mouse-driven windowed
interface to the BBS.  This is in contrast with most other systems
which provide a traditional text-based interface.  VBBS also supplies
a text based login facility so that less fortunate computer users
(non-Amiga owners) can use a VBBS based BBS.

The VBBS/TERM product also provides a fully error-corrected link.
The error correction facility applies to all the tasks the user
might perform -- not just the file transfer system.  The system
is smart enough to recognize when the user has connected with an
MNP/HST/V42 modem and will turn its error correcting off leaving
it to the modems (resulting in less data transmission overhead and
less CPU consumed).


What features are included in VBBS/TERM?

The current version includes the following features:

- private user to sysop chat windows, these are helpful when a new
  user is on the system and he needs some handholding.  The
  multitasking capability allows the Sysop to provide assistance
  while the user is actually using the various tools.

- a narrator based paging facility (Talk) which allows the user to
  page a sysop who is not at the machine (or visa versa)

- a simple local message base designed for quick feedback between
  the users and sysop

- a complex multi-section messages base that batch downloads new
  material to the users machine for use with the off-line reader
  program.  The user can read, post and reply off-line and his new
  contributions will be automatically loaded into the system when
  he next connects.

- a file downloading facility that will allow the user to select the
  file(s) he wants to download through a normal scrolling Amiga
  requester.  The user can sort the displays by name or date (file
  sizes and short descriptions are also displayed) and if a file 
  has an extended description it will be sent to him before he confirms 
  commencement of the download.  

  Downloading to a floppy based 500 at 19200 baud is
  possible.  While the user is downloading files he may proceed with
  any other BBS operations (including starting more downloads and
  even uploads) without interruption.

  The download facility supports downloading of entire directory trees
  (very useful with CDROM disks) and single file and directory downloads
  are resumable in the event of a line break or session time out.

- a file uploading facility is available.  Users can select the file
  to be uploaded with the ARP file requester and enter (and edit) the
  extended file description with their favourite editor.  The
  user can start multiple uploads, and on a full duplex modem (ie.
  normal 1200/2400 or V32 modems) the user can upload and download
  at the same time without loss in throughput in either direction.
  HST modems will slow to appoximately 350CPS in either direction
  if this is attempted, but if only uploading or downloading will
  move an LHARC file at about 1660 CPS.

- a system monitor window is provided so that the user can see what
  other users are online, what they are currently doing and page them
  for the confernce area.  The monitor and be left open while other
  tasks are performed.  There are buttons provided to disable the
  audible bell and screen flash on the paging function for privacy.

- an email system is provided which allows the user to enter/read/reply
  to messages.  These are private between users, and the user can
  also send or receive FIDONET netmail.  Users can also send files
  to other users on the same BBS.

- a doors facility is provided so that additional functions can be 
  added to the BBS and TERM programs.  These doors programs are run
  like other VBBS tasks, allowing the user to use several doors while
  also making use of other built in functions (like downloading files).

- a news facility is available to make certain text files readily viewable
  (like documentation).

- an AmigaDOS shell is available for remote sysops to do work on the
  BBS.  Several shells can be opened at once, and shells may be used
  at the same time as other BBS functions.

- a flexible access control and time limit system is implemented which
  enables you to control exactly what each user is allowed to do and
  see and for how long.  


What protocol is used?

The VBBS/TERM combination uses a custom sliding windows protocol which
is bi-directional and multiplexed.  It is very DNet-like internally.
Throughput on the protocol is as good as Zmodem, between non-MNP modems
the throughput is slightly below Zmodem and between MNP or V42 modems
it tends to be a bit faster.

On the ASCII interface side (for non-TERM callers) the only protocol
is Xmodem, others will be added.


What data rates will it run at?

Both VBBS and TERM are capable of running at 19200 baud on the internal
serial port of an unaccelerated Amiga.  If you have an additional serial
board (like the ASDG dual serial board) the software can run much faster.
Multiple lines on an unaccelerated BBS machine work fine.

Limits to performance?

As far as performance is concerned, VBBS is capable of running 6-8
lines on a stock 2000HD at 2400 baud on each line.  With an '030
accelerator card in an Amiga you should be able to run 8 lines at
9600 baud, as I have run 4 lines at 19.2K and 2 lines at 38.4K in
a direct wired test. The actual maximum transfer capability depends a
bit on what the users are doing since VBBS will allow users to upload
and download files at the same time, and when doing so they can nearly
double the load on the system.


What are the system requirements?

  CPU
       any Amiga, if you want to run more than about 4 - 2400 baud lines
       an accelerated machine is recommended,

  RAM
       1Meg to 3Meg recommended, this largely depends on the number of
       lines you run and the amount of multitasking you do as a Sysop.
       With 3 lines on my machine the BBS uses about 800K.

  DISKS
       Of course a hard disk, unless you are planning to use the system
       just as a mailbox between a few people.  The system supports any
       number of hard drives.  The next version will support CDROM
       drives (the current version will but access control is awkward).

  SERIAL DEVICES
       Any serial device that provides a standard AmigaExec xxxx.device
       type driver is supported, you can even use several different
       devices.

  MODEMS
       Should work with just about anything, it has been tested with

          SupraModem 2400
          SupraModem 2400 MNP
          SupraModem 2400 Plus (V42)
          SupraModem v32bis
          GVC SuperModem 2400 MNP
          Packard Bell 2400
          US Robotics Dual Standards (V32bis/HST)
          UDS V32
          Zyxel v32bis modems
       
  OS VERSION
       VBBS and TERM run under AmigaDOS 1.3 and 2.0.  Future development
       will include more 2.0 feature support.


When will it be available?

Available now.


What will the upgrade policy be?

While the Beta test program is in effect there will be free-to-download
upgrades to the BBS and support utilities for beta testers from my BBS.
For those who don't want to pull massive files down there will be an
upgrade disk mailout program at $5.00 per upgrade requested, send me
a check for $20 or so and then you can request an update at any time
by phone, BBS or mail and I'll send you out an update disk.  Updated
manuals will be available for about $10-20 depending on what the
printing and postage costs turn out to be.


What networking will be supported?

Currently FidoNet is supported (through TrapDoor) and Usenet is read only
at the moment (this will be fixed).


What about doors?

A doors interface is now included in VBBS and TERM.  Currently two
doors are available, and IFF picture file previewer (so users can have
a peak at what they are about to download) and a file maintenance tool
for remote sysops, so you don't have to give all the remote sysops
shell privilages.  A game is in the works.

A developer's kit for doors is also available that includes a sample
door client and server in C-source format along with a test driver
program that simulates the action of VBBS and TERM so that doors can be
developed and tested on a system which does not have VBBS running on it.


What Sysop utilities?

The only Sysop utilities are local, CLI-based ones.  They can be used
through the remote DOS shell built into TERM.


Multiline support?

Yes, from day one, as many lines as you can squeeze in.  I have run up
to 8 lines on one machine so far (a stock A2000 with 6Megs to be exact).


What serial boards has it been tested with?

The ASDG dual serial board and the Commodore 2232 multi-serial card.


What about customization?

By its very nature VBBS will appear to be less customizable than other
BBS systems.  As time goes on additional areas of customizability will
be added.  Currently the doors and the custom login stats screen
represent the most significant areas of customization.



What is the current version?

The current version of VBBS is 47, the current TERM is 88.  
Call the support board for more up to date information.


-------- End of the Extract -------


If you want to know more about VBBS, give it a call at the above numbers
or give me (Stephen Vermeulen -- Ragnarok Software) a voice call at
(403) 282-7990.  If you have usenet access you can mail me directly
at "svermeulen@ragnarok.uucp" or "ragnarok!svermeulen@uunet.uu.net"
as well I am on FidoNet at 1:134/92 (the VBBS machine) and 1:134/27
the 5 line AMUC Express.



