
                               Introduction

The portly man with the bulging coin purse approaches with his two strong,
but inexperienced-looking bodyguards.  Without so much as extending his
hand, he speaks.

"So ye think ye want to be an adventurer, eh?" After scanning you over, he
continues.  "Certainly don't look the type, all sissified and soft.  Ye'll
be running for yer wetnurse soon enough, I'll warrant.  But if ye want to
play with the big boys, ye've come to the right place.  Ye want to be rich,
famous, an' powerful like the rest, don't ye?  Aye, else ye wouldn't be
here.

Well, don't be thinkin' this is a cakewalk.  Ye'll be payin' yer dues, and
there's plenty of 'em to be paid.  By the way, me name's Joe Mollicone.  Ye
can call me 'Sir', or 'Mr. Mollicone', or simply 'Taxman', that's what I
does here, but don't let me catch ye badmouthin' me behind me back."

As he turns to leave, he shouts behind him.  "Personally, I don't think ye
has what it takes.  Best to run yer yellow butt back to where it came
from."
	
RPGBBS Deluxe is basically a bulletin board built around a medieval
role-playing atmosphere (or is it the other way around?).  Though it has
the standard BBS functions, such as a message base, file section, and
e-mail, there are no online games.  Instead, you LIVE the online game as
you kill, rob from, brawl, and joust the other members to gain levels and
fortune.

                                The Basics

The Taxman hears your footsteps behind him and turns.  "Didn't heed me
advice, worm?  All right, but don't say I didn't warn ye.  There's some
things ye need to know first if ye hope to make it here, not that I think
ye will anyway."

Here are some tips worth knowing:

· Whenever a prompt asks for a username, you can enter a "?" for a listing
by level.

· At prompts preceded by [MAX=], you can just type "max" rather than enter
the entire amount.

· Killing a Blessed user transfers their Blessing to you - you will receive
10 bonus points to all character abilities.

· Being killed by a Cursed user will transfer the Curse and apply a -10
penalty to all character abilities.

· Be sure to spend your money as soon as you get it.  The better your
equipment, the more money you will get in the Dungeon.  Hoarding gold might
attract the Taxman.

· Jousting is a quick way to get some much sought-after cash, especially at
the beginning.

· Do NOT swear anywhere on the system.  There are dire consequences to
those that do.

                              Ability Ratings

"Aye, but ye're a weak one, ain't ye?  Ye better pu on some pounds before
ye takes on the likes of me an' me men.  Oh, don't look so surprised, cur.
I'll be back around when ye get somethin' worth taxin'.  And if yer some
kind of treasonous scum who don't want to help keep this fine city runnin',
ye'll have to cut through me an' the boys before enterin'."

Your abilities consist of Experience Level, Hit Points, Spell Power,
Stamina, Intellect, Agility, and Charisma.  Each is described below.

· Experience Level:  This indicates how powerful in your class you are.
You raise levels by gaining experience points for killing monsters and
other users.  With each increase in level, you will gain more Hit Points,
Spell Power (if used by your class), and a bonus to the four
characteristics.

· Hit Points:  This measures a character's durability.  The more Hit Points
you have, the more damage you can take.  When your Hit Points are down, you
can raise them by visiting Butler Hospital, gaining an experience level, or
casting Heal or Cure.  Each time you log on your Hit Points are restored to
full.

· Spell Power:  This is how much magical energy a character has at their
disposal.  If the character class uses spells or scrolls, there will be an
accompanying Spell Power requirement for casting each.  Those classes that
use wands do not have to expend any force to invoke them.

· Stamina:  This tracks how hard a character hits.  Characters with higher
Stamina gain more Hit Points when advancing to the next Experience Level.
More Stamina yields more damage in melee attacks.

· Intellect:  This statistic comes into play mainly in casting and
resisting magic.  It is also calculated into approximating an opponent's
Hit Points.  Bonus Spell Power is awarded to those with a high Intellect
upon gaining a level.

· Agility:  Your overall fighting ability is measured by how dexterous you
are.  It is used to calculate who gets the first attack in a battle round,
whether contact was made, jousting ability, and in catching the edge of a
trap door in the Dungeon.

· Charisma:  A high Charisma will get you more money when selling items in
the Square and from defeated foes.  Some of the random events that occur
tend to favor those with a high Charisma as well.

                             Character Classes

"Ye'll be needin' to choose a profession that ye want to pursue here as
well.  From the looks of ye, I'd recommend shovellin' manure, but that
ain't one of yer options.  Ye'll just have to find one ye might not be TOO
incompetent in."

Character classes define the nature and tendencies of a character.  Some
may hit for more damage, such as the Barbarian, but must pay a higher price
to use magic.  Others may be able to weave intricate spells, but are poor
in physical combat.  Each is listed below, with an explanation of benefits
and shortcomings.

· Alchemist:  This character is a master of using poison, getting a 4x
bonus when using it on his weapon.  Alchemists receive an extra Intellect
point when gaining a level.  Advantages:  Can buy poison cheaply and do a
great deal of damage when using it.  Disadvantages:  Can not buy any magic
at all, poor combat abilities without poison.

· Assassin:  This character class is similar to a ninja in abilities,
making him a worthy opponent.  Assassins gain an extra Agility point upon
gaining a level.  Advantages:  Can use poison well, and generally gets a
backstab.  Disadvantages:  Must purchase expensive wands.

· Barbarian:  This is the strongest combat-class fighter in the game, but
most susceptible to the effects of magic.  A Barbarian's hitting power
grows as he gains more experience; there will be a point when he can hit
for as many points barehanded as with weapons.  Barbarians gain +1 Stamina
point per level.  Advantages:  Very hard hitter.  Disadvantages:  Poor
magic resistance, must buy wands.

· Bard:  This class is a jack-of-all trades, an entertainer.  Bards gain an
extra Charisma point per level.  Advantages:  Can do it all.
Disadvantages:  Can not do any of it WELL.

· Cleric:  These devout fellows have good magic and combat abilities.  And
extra Charisma point is awarded with each level.  Advantages:  Normal use
of magic spells, can possess very high Charisma.  Disadvantages:  Poor
agility, poor poison use.

· Fighter:  A one-man killing machine.  Fighters gain an additional point
to their Stamina when gaining a level.  Advantages:  Tough opponents.
Disadvantages:  Poor poison use, must purchase wands.

· Jester:  The best term used to describe this class is "annoying pest."
Though their combat ability is sorely lacking, they are great at dodging
blows.  Jesters receive a bonus Charisma point upon gaining a level.
Advantages:  Use spells, can backstab, good robbing ability.
Disadvantages:  Ineffective poison use, weak combatant.

· Magician:  This is the magical counterpart of the fighter - strong
magical abilities, but weak in physical combat.  Magicians gain a bonus
point to Intellect per level.  Advantages:  Use spells well.
Disadvantages:  Ineffective poison, weak physically.

· Ranger:  These specialty-fighters have a number of abilities.  Rangers
gain an extra Stamina point when they gain a level.  Advantages:  Use
scrolls, can hit fairly well.  Disadvantages:  Cannot use poison, does not
excel in a particular area.

· Rogue:  This class is similar to a Thief, but do not specialize in one
ability.  Rogues are awarded an extra Charisma point when gaining a level.
Advantages:  Use scrolls well, good backstab, good robbing ability.
Disadvantages:  Ineffective poison use, poor physical combat.

· Sage:  Though this class is the weakest in physical combat, Sages'
spellcasting ability rivals that of a God-class.  Sages gain an extra
Intellect point when gaining a level.  Advantages:  Super-powered magic.
Disadvantages:  Ineffective poison use, poor stamina.

· Thief:  The Thief uses his stealth abilities to sneak in his deadly
backstab.  Thieves, accordingly, also have the best chance of robbing.
This class gains an extra Agility point every level.  Advantages:  Great
backstab, good poison use, excellent robbing ability.  Disadvantages:  Uses
wands, weak regular attacks, poor Charisma.

The Paladin, Titan, and God classes are described in section Becoming
Immortal.

                                 The Arena

"Think ye're a force to reckon with, do ye?  Well, the monsters and your
fellow grubs will put ye back in yer place, that I assure ye.  Better stick
to somethin' safe, like joustin'...  or needlepoint!"

The arena is the proving grounds, where you test your mettle against
monsters and other users.  It is relatively safe, as you can retreat at any
time, but do not get too complacent - if you wait until you are too far
down on Hit Points you may get killed by a powerful blow before you can
escape.  You can do battle against other users here by typing "U" and
providing the levels you want listed.  You can only fight someone higher
than or up to three levels below you.  If you win, you receive experience
points, any money they might have in their hand, and their Blessing, if
they have one.  You will also get their armor and weapon (if it is better
than yours) or its equivalent cash value (if yours is better).  If you are
killed, however, your opponent will receive the above from you.

When you kill a user, they will remain dead until either they log on again
or are Resurrected.  If you kill a user of higher level than you, they will
only be worth the experience points of your level until they log on again.
For example, you kill a level 25 Fighter when you are at level 18.  If that
player becomes Alive!  again, the attacker that kills him again, in the
interim, will only gain level 18 experience points.

Several semi-intelligent denizens like to compete for cash and prizes as
well.  When doing a Monster Fight, start at the bottom and work your way up
slowly.  You may do up to three Monster or User Fights per call (or any
combination thereof).

The Arena also features a jousting field.  Here you enter a
best-of-five-passes match against a user you specify.  Each win increases
your Joust Status by two points, each loss decreases it by one point.  If
you win, you will get a set amount of money, determined by the Experience
Level of your opponent.  If you lose, your opponent receives the money for
your level.  You will also gain Joust Status points upon gaining a level.
You may joust up to three times per call.

You can also cast a non-combat spell and poison your weapon here to ready
yourself for battle.  In addition to this, you may type "Y" to bring up a
mini-status screen.  There is even an alley that leads to the Square, but
be forewarned - another user may "accidentally bump" you and pick your
pocket here.

                              Bulletin Boards

"No man be an island, though Tiny is gettin' close to the size.  A sissy
like yerself will do best to stay in one of these safe areas.  The King
likes to see his subjects talkin' to each other, so ye best get in there
and converse with yer fellow vermin.  If ye don't, I'll be collectin' a
Silence Tax every time ye visit!"

This is your standard message base.  If the sysop opts to set a
post-to-call ratio (one message must be entered per set number of calls),
you must abide by it or be taxed the difference between your post-to-call
ratio and the required ratio automatically upon logon.  BBS etiquette
prohibits entering messages stating, "I'm just posting this to boost my
ratio." If there is no existing sub that interests you, suggest one that
would to the sysop.

To read the messages, simply select a sub's number upon entering this area.
Those preceded by an asterisk are ones that contain unread messages.
Select "N" to read all new messages, "F" to read a sub's first message, "L"
to read the last message posted, and "P" to read the messages in reverse
order.  Note that if you hit "L" before reading new messages within a sub,
your pointer (kind of an electronic bookmark) will be reset to the last
message - you will have to hit "P" to scan all previous messages until you
hit those you have already seen.

You can enter a message in one of two ways.  Selecting "E" after entering a
sub will allow you to post.  If you are scanning messages, you will have
the option of using "R" to reply to a particular message, either publicly
(in the message base) or privately (via e-mail).  When you opt to enter a
message, you will be asked to provide an addressee of the message, or just
hit the Return key to have it addressed to All.  The BBS will automatically
supply who the message is from and the date/time.  If you address a message
to a specific user, that user will be notified at logon that they have a
message waiting.  Then you will be in the BBS message editor - just type
away, and when you are done, type either /s on a blank line to save it, or
/q to abort it.

                            Deep, Dank Dungeon

"If ye want a REAL challenge, go kill some monsters in the Dungeon - that's
where the real money lies.  If ye're not scared, that is.  Best watch out,
though, 'cuz there's plenty of surprises to trip ye up.  And if ye run into
another limp-livered coward like yerself down there, he's like to mistake
yer ugly face for a monster and attack.  Maybe ye'll even find the
Legendary Wishin' Well down there, but ye'd probably mistake it for a
chamberpot."

When you enter the Dungeon, you will start on the floor one higher than
your Experience Level.  Each mazelike level will vary in size; the lower
you go, the possibility of a larger floor size.  Do not bother keeping
maps, as each level is randomly generated each time you enter.  The top
half of your screen holds a top-view of the current dungeon floor.  The
player's position is highlighted as -YOU-.  The bottom half of the screen
is for a rolling, text display.  The prompts will guide the player along
their adventure.  Please note that the dungeon will accept most cursor keys
as a substitute for the directions, North, South, East, West.

The Dungeon is filled with monsters to slay, most of them commensurate in
might to the Dungeon level.  On occasion, though, a more powerful creature
will work its way up to one of the higher levels, so watch out.  Sometimes
you will find another user on the Dungeon level matching their Experience
Level.  Some monsters keep maps of the Dungeon level they are on.  If you
find one, you will be able to display all rooms on that level.  If your
Intellect is above 50, you will be able to keep a map of all the rooms you
have been in.  A key follows:

· Mon:  A room inhabited by a monster.

· Mob:  A room inhabited by a mob of monsters!

· ?:  Unknown.

· (Clr):  The Cleric, who can heal your wounds (for a price).

· (Wiz):  The Wizard, which will allow you to teleport out of the Dungeon,
up or down a level, or randomly teleport to a room on the current Dungeon
level.

There are many other items you can find as well.  Potions of all types, as
well as wands and scrolls, can be found in empty chambers and hidden caves.
But beware:  sometimes a monster or an armor-spoiling bat may be lurking in
the shadows of these "safe" rooms too.  Some monsters might even possess
weapons that can not be purchased in the Square.  These Weapons or Armor
may be cursed or have an ego, giving them unique powers.

Pay attention to the directions available to go in the Dungeon.  Running
into a wall will cause damage to your Hit Points.  Your options will be
available right beside the prompt.

                               File Section

"Ye'll do just fine to visit this area as well - ye won't get hurt in it!"

When you enter the File Section, you must select an area from those
available as you did in the Bulletin Boards.  You can then list the files
in that area and download one using Xmodem, Zmodem, or Kermit protocols.
Uploads must go to a special Uploads directory to be reviewed by the sysop
before they are made available to the public.

                              Gambling Casino

"Short on cash, are ye?  Well, the gods tend to smile on the foolish, so
you should stand a good chance.  Maybe ye'll even win the Monster Jackpot -
and I'm sure ye'll be willin' to fork over the city's share to me."

In addition to Blackjack, Craps, Dog Racing, High Card, Keno, Roulette, and
the Slots, you can also deposit or withdraw money via the Instant Cash
Machine.

                                Naval Area

"No, this area don't deal with yer bellybutton, knave.  We're talkin' ships
here.  Get yerself a REAL ship instead of that little dinghy an' ye might
be able to bring back a seamonster carcass an' sell it.  Or ye can do
battle against another mangy cur like yerself and lay claim to their booty.
But if ye think ye'll be doin' some fishin' for relaxation, think again!"

In the Naval Area, you must first visit the Shipyard to buy a boat once you
have saved up enough money.  You can then arm it with a ram and one cannon
per 50 Hull Points.  Once you have made your purchase, you can hunt either
denizens of the deep or other users.  Hitting "L" will display which users
have ships, as well as how powerful those ships are.  Each time you log on
your Hull Points are restored, though lost Hull Points can be repaired in
the Shipyard during the same call.

From this menu you can also fish, which will yield some interesting
results.  I will not spoil the fun by telling you everything that can be
caught, but the higher your Charisma, the better chance you have of
catching beneficial items.  You will, on occasion, catch oysters - the
value of their pearls are based directly on how many cannons your ship has.

                               Party Fights

"There's strength in numbers, but four cowardly gnats like yerself still
won't amount to much.  Others got the same idea, an' they'll be more than
happy to show ye THEIR strength.  If ye think yer gang's tough enough, take
on the Monster Mash an' see how some REAL partyin's done!"

To get in on Party Fights, you must either join an existing gang or start
one of your own.  To see if there are any openings, select "L" to list all
gangs.  Any that have slots saying "-empty-" are available for your
membership.  Alternately, a gang leader may invite you into a party - you
will receive the invitation in your notes when you log on.  Listing gangs
at this point will show your handle with (Invited) after it in the party
into which your presence has been requested.  You may want to check the
Most Wanted List to ensure that the gang you are about to join does not
have a past history of taking a beating on a regular basis.  You may resign
from a gang, if you have not used your party fight that call.

If you would like to form your own Party, simply select "S".  You will then
be asked to supply a name for your gang.  Once that is complete, you can
edit the gang, inviting potential teammates.  Do not invite users that are
already in a gang - chances are slim they will leave theirs for yours.  The
perfect gang combination consists of a heavy-hitter (Barbarian, Fighter, or
Ranger), poison-using class (Alchemist, Assassin, Thief), magic-using
(Sage, Magician, Cleric, Jester), and jack-of-all-trades (Bard or Rogue).
Keep this in mind when selecting other members.  If you do not invite
specific users into the gang, any user has the option of joining.

As gang leader, you may have the option to replace undesirables at any
time.  If you would like to put someone else in charge, you can use "T" to
Transfer Leadership.  Note that if a member of your Party kills you, that
person automatically assumes leadership.

Any of the four, possible members that have joined the gang may initiate
combat with another Party.  Only gang members with Alive!  status can
participate in the gang battle.  Any time another Party is defeated, the
victors divide the spoils (based on Experience Levels) of all money that
was in the losing gang members' hands.  If the defeated gang was powerful
enough, you will also gain a level.  Be sure to use "Y" to check your
statistics during battle, and keep in mind that discretion is indeed the
better part of valor - if your Party is defeated, you will be logged off.
If you are defeated during the fight, your call will only continue if you
go up an Experience Level and receive more Hit Points.

                                The Square

"Ye'll need to be doin' some shoppin' if ye stand a chance of survival.
Not a high one, mind ye, but a chance.  Of course, once ye get some coinage
saved up, I expect ye'll be doin' yer part to keep this fine city runnin'!"

The Square is your character's online shopping mall.  The Armory and Weapon
Shoppe allow you to buy and sell the tools of your trade.  Here is a
complete list of items:

Dart			1c		Wooden Shield		1c
Sling			2c		Small Shield		5c
Dagger			5c		Large Shield		10c
Staff			10c		Leather			50c
Club			25c		Padded Leather		100c
Hammer			50c		Studded Leather		500c
Mace			100c		Ring Mail		1000c
Flail			250c		Scale Mail		5000c
Spear			500c		Chain Mail		10000c
Axe			1000c		Splint Mail		50000c
Harpoon			2500c		Banded Mail		1s
Short Bow		5000c		Bronze Plate Mail	5s
War Hammer		10000c		Normal Plate Mail	10s
Battle Axe		25000c		Field Plate Armor	50s
Light Crossbow		50000c		Full Plate Armor	100s
Javelin			1s		Dancing Shield		500s
Short Sword		2s,50000c	Dragon Scale Mail	1000s
Long Bow		5s		Elfin Chain Mail	5000s
Long Sword		10s		Minthral Plate Armor	1g
Heavy Crossbow		25s		Cloak of Elvenkind	5g
Scimitar		50s		Robe of Blending	10g
Pole Arm		100s		Adamantite Plate Mail	50g
Broad Sword		250s		Cloak of Displacement	100g
Trident			500s		Cube of Force		500g
Two-Handed Sword	1000s		Ring of Invisibility	1000g
Gloves of Strength	2500s		Ring of Insanity	5000g
Dart of Homing		5000s
Sling of Seeking	1g
Dagger of Venom		2g,5000s
Staff of Striking	5g
Hammer of Throwing	10g
Mace of Disruption	25g
Axe of Hurling		50g
Hammer of Thunderbolts	100g
Axe of Lords		250g
Crossbow of Distance	500g
Sword of Quickness	1000g
Arrows of Slaying	2500g
Sword of Sharpness	5000g
Crossbow of Accuracy	1p
Scimitar of Speed	2p,5000g
Sword of Wounding	5p
Trident of Submission	10p
Vorpal Sword		25p
Wand of Wonder		50p
Rod of Smiting		100p
Sword of Life Stealing	250p
Wand of Lightning	500p
Ring of Shooting Stars	1000p
Staff of the Magi	5000p
Dagger of Death		10000p

Real Estate and Security are very important - they help to keep you from
getting robbed by other users.  Here is a complete list of items:

Cardboard box		100c		Baseball bat		100c
Cave			1000c		Boulder			1000c
Stable			10000c		Fence			10000c
Shed			1s		Padlock			1s
Shack			10s		Dead bolt lock		10s
Barn			100s		Trip wire trap		100s
Hovel			1000s		Barbed wire fence	1000s
Cabin			1g		Dog			1g
Room above tavern	10g		Shotgun			10g
House			100g		Stone wall		100g
Mansion			1000g		Burglar alarm		1000g
Tower			1p		Security guard		1p
Castle			10p		Moat			10p
Palace			100p		Garrison		100p
Fortress		1000p		Magical barrier		1000p

And you will probably be paying more than a few visits to the Butler
Hospital, where you can heal your wounds for a small fee.  If you cannot
afford to heal all your Hit Points, the Hospital will sympathize and take a
loan out for you from the Bank.  You can try to Pick Pockets in this busy
sector, if you are careful not to get caught by the city guard.  And you
can take the alley leading to the Arena.

In the Mages Guild, you can buy magical wands, scrolls, or spells,
depending on which your class uses.  As more energy must be expended to
create wands, they cost considerably more and may become inoperative after
each use.  Scrolls are cheaper, but may also be consumed in the casting as
are wands.  If your class is fortunate enough to use spells, you only need
to buy each once and it will stick with you until you reach Immortality.
Each spell is described below.

· Charisma, Intellect, Strength, Agility:  Each of these will temporarily
raise each respective ability from one to ten points each time it is cast,
to a maximum of their class allows.

· Shield, Hone:  These will augment your weapon and armor.  Be careful not
to augment them too much!

· Teleport:  This spell replaces the Wizard in the Dungeon.  It can also be
cast as a defensive, escape measure in battle.

· Heal, Blast:  These are used to restore lost Hit Points or cause an
opponent to lose some.

· Resurrect:  This spell will bring a dead user back to life so they can be
killed again.

· Confusion:  This will distract your enemy in battle, making them miss and
their spells fail more often.

· Transmute:  This spell will permanently change your opponent's weapon to
something of lesser value.

· Cure:  This spell will restore ALL lost Hit Points.

· Illusion:  This spell will summon an ally of the same qualities of the
caster.

· Morph:  This spell, which can only be cast in battle, will randomly
change your opponent's character class and level.  Note that you could make
him more powerful, a God class, or force an extermination, a class of None.

· Disintegrate:  This will completely atomize your opponent.

All spell-casting attempts are subject to failing or even backfiring.
 
The Apothecary sells poison, which will enhance your blade in battle.
The more expensive the poison, the better the damage, though some of the
lesser weapons can not hold a good dose of the better poisons.  Classes
unfamiliar with the use of poison must pay extra for a special blend which
has been magicked to adhese to the blade, while those very familiar with
the application of poison may be able to get several doses out of one small
vial.  The Apothecary has preconceived notions about certain classes,
however, and will not sell poison to certain character classes for fear of
being reported to the authorities.

Ye Olde Stone Bank is a relatively safe place to store your excess cash,
though it has been known to be robbed on occasion.  When you are short on
cash, the banker may even see his way clear to grant you a loan based on
your Real Estate and Security assets.  If you are feeling lucky, you can
try to Rob the Bank, but the chance is very slim, as the Bank hires the
best of security.

                               Tiny's Tavern

"I'll let ye go in and check this out for yerself.  Tiny an' me's not on
the best of terms."

You enter the Tavern and are amazed by the size of the barkeep - he must
stand over seven feet tall.  His appearance - and abnormal height - lead
you to believe that human blood is not the only type flowing through his
veins.  He finishes drying a flagon, places it with several others, and
makes an adjustment to the sword hanging above his mantle.  He then turns
toward you and speaks.

"New customer, huh?  OK, here's the rules, and I'm only gonna tell ya once,
punk.  There's some rough-housing that goes on here, so I'll letcha get
away with three brawls.  A lotta loose talk breezes through here, so you'll
wanna keep your ears cocked as well.  If you wanna keep up on what's going
on in the world, I keep a couple of newspapers lying around here to read.
He points a meaty finger at a chart on the wall and continues.  "Other
people put bounties on the ones that done them wrong.  You can put up one
of your own, chalk's right there on the sill.  Me, I've seen it all working
here - gimme a decent tip and I'll give ya one right back.  But you'd best
watch your mouth, punk, or I'll take ya down a notch.  I can stand a little
abuse, but some things I just don't tolerate." With that, he flexes a
mighty bicep and continues his cleaning.

In the Tavern, you can Brawl another user of higher or up to three levels
below you.  If you win, you receive one third of the experience points for
killing them and any money in their hand.  If you lose, your opponent will
get the same, and you will be knocked unconscious for anywhere from one to
ten minutes.  Watch out for those wild punches - your enemy may duck and
you will hit an unintended target, who may in turn join in the fracas.

You can also listen to or join in the arguments going on here.  A log is
kept of the current and previous days' activities for your review.  Or you
can have an ale and talk to Tiny, who may have some good advice for you.
You can also vent frustrations by Swearing at Tiny, but do not make a habit
of it or the consequences could be dire.

If you want to exact revenge on someone, but they are too high or low a
level for you to do it personally, you can post a Bounty on them, offering
an added incentive for another player to do your dirty work.  There can
only be one active Bounty on a user at any given time.  Once another user
kills the person you had a Bounty on, they receive your posted cash.  If
you kill the user that you had a Bounty on, it is lifted.

                               Other Options

"There's some other things ye can do here too, so don't let me catch ye
sittin' around not doin' anythin'.  Ye got two minutes on the sundial to
make a decision, then ye'll be escorted to the city limits for
malingerin'."

The following lists options from the Main Menu not previously covered.

<C> Chat With the Sysop:  This will page the sysop, indicating you would
like to enter chat mode.  Also, do not use this option more than once or
twice per call - the gods frown on those who page excessively.

<E> Electronic Mail and Feedback:  This command allows you to send a
private message to another user or the sysop.

<L> List of Users:  Fame & Lame allows you to display the list of users
that have obtained the best scores in several categories.

<M> Most Wanted List:  This command will display the top users in
descending order of level.

<R> Rob/Burglarize Other Users:  By using this command you can attempt to
steal money from another user.  When you do, their possessions will be
slightly downgraded.  There is a chance that the user robbed from will be
informed who did the deed.  The better the real estate and security of your
target, the longer it will take for you to break in, and the better the
chance the city guard will catch you in the act.

<U> User Configuration:  This allows you to change your terminal emulation,
number of rows displayed, and password.  You can also toggle Expert Mode,
which will suppress menu display.

<X> X-terminate:  This option will reset your character and allow you to
select a new class.  Note that you do not get credit for this type of
reroll, and if used as an Immortal class, you will lose the option of
selecting that class again.

<Y> Your Statistics:  This displays in-depth character information.  A
secondary screen is also shown that informs you how close you are in the
Hall of Fame for both Character Class and All-Time categories.  For an
amount of money based on your level, you can Hire a Scout to show the
character statistics for another user.

<Z> System Status:  This area displays registration info.

                             Becoming Immortal

"Ye really think ye can make it to God status?  I doubt ye can even make it
to Paladin.  I've seen a lot smarter than ye fail, jellyfish."

Your ultimate goal on RPGBBS Deluxe is to work your way through the
Immortal classes, Paladin and Titan, and make it to God status.  If you
reach level 100 God, you win the game and the board is reset.  Descriptions
of each follow.

· Paladin:  This class is the lowest of the superbeings, combining a
Ranger's combat skills with a Bard's use of scrolls, and an Assassin's use
of poisons and backstab.  Their robbing ability is fair as well.

· Titan:  This class has a Fighter's skill with a Magician's spellcasting
ability.  They use poisons, backstab, and rob very well.

· God:  This class combines a Barbarian's strength, a Sage's spellcasting
power, a Thief's backstab and robbing abilities, and an Alchemist's use of
poison.

All Immortals gain two points in each ability as they gain an Experience
Level.

To advance to the Immortal classes, you must successfully solve the Riddle
of the Keys.  When you reach Experience Level 100 in any class, you will be
presented with a locked doorway, and given four keys - platinum, gold,
silver, and copper.  If you have made the Hall of Fame in any area, you
will be given a Key Hint, such as "Key #2 is not silver".  You must then
supply which key you will try in the lock.  If you guess correctly, you
will be rewarded with a {Click!} and are advanced to Paladin class.  If
not, a ^BOOM!^ and you will be rerolled and must select from the lesser
classes..  To attain Titan class, you must unlock the second doorway as a
Paladin; to become God class, you must unlock the third doorway as a Titan.

The Taxman escorts you back to the city gates.  "That's it for yer tour,
mongrel.  I hope ye enjoyed it.  I'm sure I'll be seein' ye again real
soon," he says in parting, patting his coin pouch.
