Welcome, dear Xenolink sysop.

There is love in this work.
There is blood, sweat and tears.
There is a total of 5 months of work buried in the executable you now
have downloaded.

And it was both wonderful and horrible to code this game.

Adventurers of Rylween - Part I, the Rise and Fall of Baron Ydarg
is a fantasy roleplaying game for Xenolink BBS.

---

Install it like this for Xenolink BBS:

1. Create a directory called Doors:Rylween/
2. Copy the files Rylween, MAP.DAT and all the #?.ANS files to it.
3. Edit your doormenu: XenolinkDoor "^20000^1^Rylween/Rylween"
   It runs fine without any specific stack allocations on my system,
   but do this just to be on the safe side. If two nodes use Rylween
   at once, nice unpredictable effects will be created.
4. Make it possible for the users to download and read through
   the manual before they start playing.
5. Read the manual.
6. Have fun!

---

As a CLI door, run it like this:

RYLWEEN <cli> <username>

Example:

Rylween CLI "Marcus Lagergren"
Rylween CLI Testuser

The Xenolink door is a bit faster and checks baud rate and ANSI
graphics before running Rylween. Find another way to do this for 
the CLI door.

See above for other information.

---

This is a very complex game, and there is no point in starting playing
it before you have read the manual, at least once. It is also a good
idea to print the manual, so that you can use it as a reference during
the game.

---

The unregistered version will grant all players 100 moves / day.
The registered version will grant all players 200 moves / day.
When playing the unregistered version, you will encounter some
of my most fiendish beasties now and then, so it is a good idea
to register if you want your characters to be beaten up ;-)

Registration is $20 or 120 Swedish crowns.

Se special update file for more info about registering.

Send the money to the following address and I will send you a reg
file:

Marcus Lagergren
Vallmovagen 22a
S-125 52 Alvsjo
Sweden

Please register - encourage me to write "Heroes of Rylween - The Second
Coming".

Please register before August -93, I will then move to Canada for
nine months, and if I bring my computer & board to Canada I will 
give you my new address.

---

My fidonet address is 2:201/351.0 if you want to send netmails with
bug reports and suggestions.

---

I want to thank the following people for beta testing/suggestions/ideas
support/help/beer etc.

Zak Ashraf       - For calling my board from the UK just to play AOR!
Magnus Andersson - For being the laziest cosysop in the world.
Mattias Bergvall - Well... er... hmm.... oops, fergot.
Anders Blixt     - The first one to get hooked on AOR.
Niklas Blomqvist - Creator of the original Rylween realm.
David Borin      - Have fun in Luleå, man.
Martin Darsenius - For being the almost-perfect user!
Per Eklund       - For being the perfect user!
Niklas Eriksson  - For constantly complaining.
Jonathan Forbes  - For keeping my adrenalin level high. :-)
Tommy Green      - For receiving all the complaints.
Magnus Gustafson - For answering Marcus Hirt's letters.
Holger Hellebro  - My first beta tester.
Marcus Hirt      - For cluttering up my msg bases with strange discussions.
Bob Hurst        - For Hack&Slash. (It inspired me to create AOR).
Patrik Jarnefelt - Beta tester. Solna-dweller.
Marcus Lagergren - For egocentricity :) - Otherwise I wouldn't have made it.
Joakim Larsson   - Another Rylween-o-phile. (But he grew tired of it).
Matias Larsson   - Graphics Wizard. The best of them all!
Magnus Lilja     - For keeping my adrenalin level high. ;->
H.P. Lovecraft   - For contributing to the atmosphere.
Alex May         - Splooty! (And I believe you did some beta testing too?)
Lars Siden       - Thanks for everything.
Michael Sinz     - The creator of Enforcer.
Karl Skagerberg  - Beta tester.
Stefan Stark     - Another Rylween enthusiast.
Oskar Sundberg   - For staying out of the way.
Oskar Sodergren  - For hints and transportation.
Dalina Steneros  - For cheering me up.
Ron Teague       - For great support, encouragement and beta testing.
Peter Tidestrom  - For the beer.
Nicolaus Wirth   - For designing the Pascal language... (JUST KIDDING!!!)

---

Optdata: Run this every midnight or whenever you feel for it. It will
         optimize the user data for Rylween, remove bad records, 
         remove inactive players (with 0 experience points), these
         have obviously only played the game once, and quickly
         quit when they found it too complex.

---

Reset_Rylween: Run this script to nuke a campaign in progress or restart
               the game when someone has won. Think twice before using 
               it, being wiped out when you have reached level 20 will
               effectively keep a user from calling your board again.

---

That's all folks! Happy gaming! And this is an adventure of EPIC
proportions!

---
